Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week Anthem is rumored to become All Realm Were Aborn because every publisher has to have their own open world MMO online experience.
This is just one headline from the rumor mill. Stay tuned for plenty more stories starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight with episode number 798 for this November 17th of 2019.
And we're back live. It's great to be back after a week off with a pre-recorded show.
Hope you guys all enjoyed that bonus episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
But we're back here live as we are every Sunday night usually when you know we're not sick or on vacation or something's going on.
I know it's been a weird past six weeks but it looks like we're on a nice path of being here every Sunday night over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
That's VOG Network for Voice of Geeks Network.
Six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Who are we here at Orange Lounge Radio?
Well I am Rob Roberts and she off camera because she wants to be.
Yes I want to be.
Her way or the highway is Dark Soccer or Jamie Summers.
Oh hi.
Hi how are you?
I'm okay.
Good and are you going to at least show the, because I went to New York City which is why I wasn't here last week.
Are you going to at least show the souvenir I brought you back from the Nintendo store?
There you go.
So for those on the podcast feed she's showing off a stuffed Kirby.
Pillow.
A Kirby pillow that's like an 8-bit kind of style with Kirby holding the star.
He's on a star.
Yeah so very cool.
I actually, so I went to the Nintendo store obviously.
You go to New York City and you're a nerd.
You have to go to the Nintendo store at some point.
And the upstairs portion is a lot of like Pokemon stuff.
Because I think when that place opened it was actually like a Pokemon center.
I think was the branding for those stores.
So upstairs is still majority Pokemon.
So I actually FaceTimed our resident Pokemon nerd here at the Voice of Geeks Network, Shane.
And I actually FaceTimed him to be like is there anything here you need?
Is there anything here that you need?
And lucky me he didn't need anything that was there.
Because I guess a lot of it you can get online if you know where to go.
But I did buy for the studio.
And for those of you watching on Twitch you may actually see here.
We had the brand new starters from Gen 8 to go with the Gen 7 starters that were here previously.
So the little stuffed animal couch here is growing a little bit with a Scobble, Scorbunny.
Excuse me, Scobble.
Sobble.
Scorbunny.
That's what happens when you run the names together.
And Grookey.
So they're on the couch.
So yeah.
I got that and I got the little stuffed pillow for Dark Sakura.
So because I think I sent you a picture.
I didn't FaceTime you but I sent you a picture.
I was like I will give you money for everything but I would go poor.
Yeah.
So you were like I want five of those pillows.
I was like choose one.
And I'll make it happen.
I would have I would have sent you money for the others but then Dan would have murdered me.
Yeah.
I understand.
I probably spent more money than I should have in New York.
But the good news is that most of it was bought in advance.
Like I was sitting on those tickets for Moulin Rouge on Broadway.
We bought those back in like probably like April.
So you know we bought them a long time ago and then we saw Jagged Little Pill on Broadway as well.
Yes.
Like the Alanis Morissette album.
It was the very very first weekend actually of that show being on Broadway.
So you know just like what like American Idiot or Mamma Mia.
They made a musical out of Alanis Morissette songs.
It doesn't have to do with Alanis Morissette like Mamma Mia isn't about ABBA right.
But it's just some catchy songs.
I and I loved both musicals for different reasons.
I thought they were both fantastic.
Moulin Rouge especially was just showy.
Like it was the presence of that show was amazing.
But anyway it's not a theater podcast but definitely I sometimes forget about what a theater fan I am until I like go to something like that.
And then I'm like oh I love this so much.
I wish I need to do this more often.
So now Alanis talking about going to see Dear Evan Hansen when it's touring here in Northern California later next year.
So I'm like yay the theater queens and both of us have been unleashed.
I don't know if he's a fan of the theater but I should introduce over there Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi how are you?
I'm fine.
What's your favorite Broadway show?
I don't know.
Do you have one?
Out of all the ones I've seen.
I don't know.
I've seen family operas several times.
Wicked was pretty good.
Oh Wicked?
I haven't seen Wicked actually.
I've seen Phantom.
I think you have to see Phantom.
Yeah.
High schools go to see Phantom at some point but Wicked.
Wicked was pretty good.
I haven't seen Wicked believe it or not.
I mean I know I know enough about it but.
I've been to a few off Broadway but I've been to one Broadway play.
What is your what's your favorite play?
It doesn't have to have been on Broadway.
Well it was Broadway though and it was my favorite.
It was Cats at the Winter Garden Theater.
Oh are you how do you feel about that movie that's coming?
Intrigued.
Intrigued?
Okay.
Because I'm just gonna go sing with it.
Yeah.
Well wait for that wait for it to come to the Castro theater when they have the big sing-along.
We were doing like a sewing circle today with the sisters and of course Sister Ova is our
theater person so we were just going back and forth singing stuff from Cats and singing.
Also a few things from like Blazing Saddles and History of the World Part One.
See the nice thing about Jagged Little Pill I already knew all lyrics.
I mean they they changed minor lyrics to fit the narrative just like they do in Mamma Mia
they do the same thing there but like I knew all the songs pretty much so it was pretty
pretty cool.
I loved it.
Oh my god I loved it so much because they took these songs that were so important to
many of us in the 90s like if you're if you're in your late 30s early 40s Alanis Morissette
probably meant something to you in like the high school or early college era and so like
to see these songs reinvented with a very 2019 narrative to it because this this musical
touches on a lot of very current things going on like the Me Too movement and things like
the things that are very current it was really neat to see these songs that meant so much
in the 90s now have this impact on a 2019 narrative and all I'm gonna say they they
they put a little twist on You Oughta Know it's not what you might expect and it got
a standing ovation in the middle of the show something I understand happens very rarely
on Broadway but it was very very impressive.
You know what my introduction to Alanis' music was?
What?
Flea.
Flea?
Of Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Oh cause he played bass.
Yeah.
And that was what got me on the album because I heard that he played bass on it I was like
I like all things that Flea does.
Okay you want to hear my random Alanis Morissette trivia and then I promise we'll get to video
games okay here's the thing with Flea so on most versions go check your jagged little
pill album because there's two versions everybody bought that album right there's two versions
track two doesn't have Flea it's the last track track 13 has Flea and you can hear it
you can hear that bass in it but now I'll tie it to video games that's why that song
is so important in rock band two I think it was in because it does have the Flea version
remember it had the bass guitar in it so you're playing the Flea part yeah and so you're do
do do and you can really hear what the bass guitar style is pretty dynamic and pretty
much immediately recognizable yeah so all right anyway looking at our chat over at twitch
tv slash vog network metal mayhem says rob please tell us that you had pizza and a bagel
while in new york it's like an unsaid rule that you have to he went to his favorite italian
restaurant Sbarro's no believe it or not true story that was the first place I got pizza
when I was in new york because it was cheap but it was at times square believe it or not
there was no pizza and no bagels however we went to juniors with the world famous cheesecake
we went there twice we went there once for dessert and we went there again for dinner
and actually one of those nights we went there for dessert was with Ranma and Giovedea from
anime jam session and Victoria or Aria snark from shaking and crying so it was like a little
vog network kind of meetup and that was the first time Victoria and Ranma and Giovedea all met and
they they they're all like they all clicked like instant buds so that was kind of fun to see like
watch happen in real time so that was really cool so so no no new york pizza or bagel we did go to
an italian restaurant that's where we went with ssj100 matt so I had some nochi because I like I
like nochi and alan hates it so we don't really usually have it for dinner here gnocchi yeah
gnocchi you know whatever do I look Italian no but it's panoke okie it's like maraschino
whatever well that's what I had and it was good so whatever gnocchi is great um yeah I can make it
well good from scratch yeah why not sweet the holidays are coming up um all right anyway I've
had sweet potato gnocchi and that's pretty a bomb oh I haven't had that that sounds good all right
less food more video games we are here to talk about video games every Sunday night over the
next few hours I feel like it was like kind of a slower news week I don't know if that's yes
because of the big game releases we have this week I mean between last week's Death Stranding
and this week's Pokemon sword and shield and Star Wars Jedi fallen order right yeah you can tell
which one I haven't looked at yet but I know people who have so it's been a pretty freaking
big week in games so I think the news a little bit lighter because everybody's playing but I feel
like one company did put out a ton of news this week and it's the one that admittedly we don't
probably give enough of a spotlight to here on this show and I think a lot of our audience tends
to gravitate a little more for the Nintendo side of things and maybe the Sony side of things but
you have to at least even if you you know don't own an Xbox one yourself you have to at least be
taking a passing interest into this evolution I feel like this generation of gaming has been a
very like self-reflection type of stage for Microsoft you know and you know and I've said
this before on the show they're really setting up these chess pieces and you know under the leadership
of Phil Spencer they've come a long long way and they're doing some really exciting things and so
they had a big event this X 0 1 9 event where they announced a lot and this is just kind of a sign
for things to come and I think it's it's really exciting whether you follow Microsoft or not
they've got a lot of great stuff coming down the pipeline so I thought maybe Loki could run down
some of the big announcements that we heard at the X 0 1 9 event yeah so I did not get to watch this
either because I had just saw like after normally I would try to watch this stuff live but I was
working and then I saw oh it's over I'm like oh crap anyways so some of the things that were
announced they talked about a new game from obsidian called grounded which is gonna be
entering early access this spring it's a sandbox survival game he said literally you are a group
of kids who have been trucked down to a tiny size and have to survive in suburban backyard and not
get eaten by spiders so it's honey I shrunk the kids the game I love it yeah yes it has to be
better than that ride at Disneyland that was pretty terrible it was great wasn't that honey
I shrunk the audience yeah the 4d experience yeah it was like using the captain eo theater for
something else yeah you know it was used last time I went there mm-hmm it was you could go
watch a trailer for wreck-it Ralph too right I don't know yeah I don't know what they're using
that theater oh I think it's a Star Wars thing or it's been a Star Wars thing for a little bit
now no it's not news for anything right now really yeah captain eo back exactly oh wait now there's
all those recent things about Michael Jackson where it's you know you know but I you know what
I just I try not to let that like cloud what I remember in the 80s you know and captain eo was
awesome in the 80s so I don't know anyway all right at least they didn't try to bring back honey
I shrunk the audience I'm sorry it was so bad why did they have I'd like to cuz it had Eric
Idol in it I know Eric Idol is cool but like it was weird to me how like you would walk around
the outside you see like Robin Williams on a poster but he's like he's not in it this
false advertising like Robin Williams was like all one of the posters and it's like he's not
no I never saw him on any of the posters I swear I swear I just saw Rick Moranis and Eric Idol and
yeah it was just Eric Idol and Rick Moranis huh Oh tiger claws linking us to it on YouTube
don't waste your time all right sorry Xbox hello so dot not has a new game called tell me why which
is coming out this summer and let's see they said that tell me why starts a pair of siblings one
whom is Trent a transgendered man and this they apparently have been working alongside glad to
develop or deliver what is called an authentic representation of the trans experience it's a
three episode game cool for representation who's making that again dot nod the one the folks that
did life is strange okay oh well then I mean life is strange those are some pretty powerful games
yeah really impacted people so you know this might be a very important game for people so I'm
excited to hear more about it rare has a game called ever wild oh yeah this game this this
was my favorite thing that I saw out of this for sure yeah they said it's focused on building an
experience that allows for new ways to play in in nature in a magical world I have not watched
a trailer yet but looks cool you should it's really good-looking some Final Fantasy games
are coming to games pass so they announced that between now and the end of 2020 Final Fantasy 7
8 9 10 10 2 and 12 and all three of the 13 series and 15 will be on game pass that's pretty
impressive if I hadn't already bought all those on PlayStation at one point or another they said
though also that they're going to be releasing them you know Streets of Rage 4 by Nate friend
Pedro the Witcher 3 and the definitive edition of Age of Empires 2 and Rage 2 those were available
on games pass today the other previous ones at some point and they're hoping to bring x cloud
game streaming to games pass next year the Yakuza Yakuza series is coming to Xbox one so you because
zero Yakuza Kiwami one and Kiwami two are gonna be coming to Xbox one and games pass early 2020
Kingdom Hearts I guess the original Kingdom Hearts games are coming to Xbox one as well so time 1.5
2.5 2.8 and they said they're also dropping a demo of three Kingdom Hearts three on Xbox one
and then Halo Reach is being added to the Master Chief collection for console and PC on December
3rd are they gonna do a Master Chef Edition they are not doing the Master Chef Edition and wasteland
3 is gonna be coming out looks like May 19 2020 and that's gonna be coming out as well on other
platforms PlayStation 4 PC Mac and Linux Sea of Thieves is getting another update on the 20th
called the sea-bound soul I really need to take some time to check out Sea of Thieves because I
know people that like really love that game but I just you know it's the backlog is so big and
there's only time for so many games but this game is still getting a lot of love and support which
is great to see next in has a game called kart rider drift that's coming to consoles it looks
like it's coming first Xbox in 2020 they have a game called west of dead it's a twin stick top
down shooter from raw fury and they have it looks like it's like a Western theme going on right yeah
it's kind of what a west of dead sounds like it's a Western game and that's gonna be an open beta so
like gun dot smoke remember that that old Capcom game that old ass Capcom game not not to be
confused with the television show gun smoke but gun dot smoke anyway it's a fun game bleeding edge
is gonna be available March 24 2020 and that's a ninja theories new multiplayer combat game and
then they've got a game called the flame in the flood and that's coming next year to Xbox and PC
and let's see last stop is coming to consoles PC next year Planet Coaster console edition coming
in summer 2020 and then they had some announcements for other games coming to x cloud don't make cry
5 Madden NFL 20 Tekken 7 and they're also doing I guess a public preview mode in certain territories
next year and they're also bringing support it's eventually the service is gonna be coming to
Windows 10 and they're gonna add more controller support including the DualShock 4 so that's kind
of cool that they'll allow third-party controllers in there as well and then last but not least more
trailers for fight simulator minecraft dungeons Age of Empires 4 crossfire acts art first artful
escape and then they had a trailer for Jedi Fallen Order even though that is technically out already
that's still that's a pretty impressive conference I mean you just spat out like probably 15 games in
that little segment there things that Microsoft showed off and that's all the stuff that's coming
out for Xbox I mean they haven't even announced the stuff that's coming out for the next system
which I'm sure lots of studios are working on stuff so you know what it kind of reminded me
of in a way is that you know PlayStation we forgot they used to do their PlayStation fan event in
November December this year yeah they haven't been doing it for a couple years I don't think
they did it last year I thought they did do it last year they did it like the year before I
think 2017 was last time they did it I could be wrong maybe somebody in chat over twitch TV slash
vog network will correct me but we're technically almost out of the games of all the ones that
they've shown they were been showing year after year so we've got desperate needs finally out now
yeah now Last of Us 2 is really kind of the last thing and then dreams I think well we also know
that like PlayStation 5 is happening right I understand that but I'm just saying for that
see we're running out of the stuff that we've already been shown it's been kind of delayed for
a while so now now it's finally coming out and then we'll have here's a bunch of new shit we
haven't shown you before which will be kind of fun but I would still you know I would still expect
the same thing to happen for Microsoft's side when they start to show off here's our next console
that we're doing so it's still pretty impressive that they had this press conference or I guess fan
event whatever you want to call it you know the media blast yeah of all these different games you
know here in November when you know we're looking at Sony and it's like oh this the engines running
out of steam but you definitely see that Microsoft's like no full steam ahead you know and they've got
even though some of it is playing catch-up a little bit you know the Final Fantasy the Kingdom
that's playing catch-up although certainly an added value to game pass I mean that's pretty
impressive to have all those Final Fantasy games on game pass right yeah so that's pretty I'm kind
of excited because now I don't have to worry about finding a because I'm probably gonna finally get
myself a 4k TV for Christmas so I don't have to worry about finding a disc version a Final Fantasy
13 to get those upgrades like it'll be on game pass you know remember how they did those like
upgrades for 4k for like Xbox one and all that so did they for 13 yeah they did so it was like
any hair or is it 15 I think they did it for 15 to but they did it they did 13 was 360 I know but
you know how they do those in hand yeah 360 things so they I mean I guess it would yeah yeah I mean
I'm not expecting the world to be different but it's still gonna look a little better and that's
nice that I can experience that through game pass yeah as a sorry guys I'm getting over a cold I
brought back disease from New York so if I may be intermittently coughing during the show I'm in the
same boat as you so they'll have to deal so sorry not sorry doing my best people get sick today's
the first day I've actually felt like thank gosh I felt much better today I don't have like that
intense pressure in my forehead like I've had the past few days so I'm okay to be doing the show but
Dan was in full man flu mode yeah yeah it's been it's been not fun but anyway so even if the Final
Fantasy stuff is old news I still think it's like oh but this is still like a cool little value and
like knowing that these have been slightly enhanced it's like if you haven't looked at
these games in a while which let's be real Final Fantasy 13 is probably almost 13 years old yeah
it's pretty old at this point it's a reason to go back and visit him again you know perhaps so I
think it's all pretty cool and then obviously some of these other big games like the rare game and
the you know honey I shrunk the kids game which what's the what's the real name of that game the
grounded grounded that I should be better to the developers than calling it what I'm calling it
but that grounded game you know that those sound like some cool new ideas then the life is strange
you know follow up from that studio and so forth these all are probably gonna be pretty big deal
sorts of games kind of neat for Microsoft to be associated with that you know so I don't know I
like grounded better when it's called earth defense force 2017 if I want to survive against
giant ants and spiders I've already got my game for that okay all right now Bobby Black Wolf is
explaining the Final Fantasy 13 thing a little bit saying Final Fantasy 13 on Xbox 360 was enhanced
for Xbox one they got the original 720p cutscenes and put them in the Xbox one version whereas the
original Xbox 360 version had 480p cutscenes so the cutscenes were re-rendered for Xbox basically
or the high-definition 720p exactly well hey better than what it was on Xbox 360 so I still
think that's pretty cool so neat so yeah sounds like a lot of good stuff out of Microsoft so you
know and I I gotta say I'm enjoying that game pass thing I mean not to get too far into our gaming
weeks that we're gonna get into next but I've been visiting blood-stained on the PC thanks to Xbox
game pass on PC and you know it's just a night even though I had bought it on sorry I had my
backer code on switch or whatever it's really nice to be able to explore that on PC on a version
that's not as buggy it's probably the switch version well I don't know I I'm not as picky
with some of those things but I did notice the switch version had some stutter and some issues
so you know and when I heard they were gonna do all the changes I was like I'm just gonna put this
on the shelf for a little bit and I'll come but what's another few months I'll go I'll go visit
it again in a few months so it's been a few months but my kind of catalyst for going to visit it
again was oh well now I can just get it on the PC for free because I'm already paying for it on the
Xbox game pass and it's it's nice just sit at the PC and play it there and you know so yeah yeah but
I'm I'm enjoying it I also thought there would be achievements but there's actually not but I mean
I try not to just play games for achievements but sometimes they're a fun little incentive right so
but they're actually there's no achievements on the PC version of blood stain that surprised me
but I'm still enjoying the game for what it's worth so all right well with that we'll get into
a little more about our gaming weeks and talk a little bit about the types of video games that we
have been playing this week actually real quick before we get into our gaming weeks I really
should ask you know when we did that taped episode we didn't have a lot of news in it because we had
taped that on Tuesday and not a lot of news has to happen I don't know if anyone wanted to touch
on anything that they kind of discovered you know kind of late last week that we didn't get to on the
on the pre tape showed our soccer I know you were talking about one thing yeah there's a more recent
something it actually did come up since last week but we didn't have it in a show role so I just
wanted to mention Animal Crossing pocket camp is coming out with a sub service they like get you
different perks like two different tiers so one of them will get have you a point in Apple an Apple
an animal as your camp caretaker and get more help around the campsite and the other one you'll
get fortune cookies and can store your furniture and clothing items and warehouses like I don't see
why that's important because you've got it pretty much indeterminate storage anyway but maybe it's
like more decorating ideas you know like you could have your storeroom on the console versions so
it's gonna come out on it looks like the 21st in North America this month it's gonna be called
pocket camp club they didn't say how much it is but if it's like the Mario Kart gold then maybe
five bucks so just thought I would mention the Animal Crossing communities I'm in are kind of
like and I'm like I'm an adult and I'm gonna pay for it it's an interesting thing they're adding
to I mean I I admit I've kind of left pocket camp behind a long time ago but I know you're still a
fan of it and obviously there's other people playing it you're not alone because people have
opinions it's mine but I'm fill in until I have to admit I'm a little surprised or launching it
now when we're what only like three months away from just hit the two-year anniversary for it I
think they're trying to find a way to keep it viable win and on top of that I'm gonna be
quitting idle pouring when my sub runs out it's like 17 bucks for three months for the SV IP
because I'm just not having fun with it anymore the only thing I'm having fun it's telling all
the people says join my guild join my guild just saying no like I've just turned into this cranky
little contrarian in chat and it's been kind of funny well see a Tiberian chat says every so
often I check my friends and I see Rob as being at level 7 I had to break it to you I uninstalled
Animal Crossing while world for my phone a long time ago now world I'm sorry Animal Crossing pocket
I uninstalled that for my phone a while ago now granted that was when I was still on my very small
what 32 gigabyte iPhone 10 179 yeah I ran out of space but now my new guy this iPhone 11 max
whatever whatever has I think a 128 in it so I have a lot more room again so maybe maybe I'll
reinstall it maybe I'll get to level eight just for you and then I'm level 179 Jesus
well they've got like all kinds of stuff since I think you played it last so there are they put
in a lot more minigames like you've got fishing tourney now and you get like items and things for
that you have like this flower thing where you catch bugs and then you can send the bugs to
other people and you get the rare flowers that way and then you get stuff for doing that like
special items and you get all kinds of like challenge tiers that you can do and then like
the scavenger hunt like every couple of months and it's actually kind of fun I mean it's just
been a little way and you can skip the freaking cut scenes like where you give people stuff and
you can actually have who's the pelican guy you can have him deliver all the shit that people
want to them so they've taken out a lot of the really annoying stuff and you get like a cabin
now that you can decorate as well so it's probably why I'd get the storeroom if it's more chance to
decorate hmm I do get the fortune cookies though because some of that shit's pretty well it's
interesting to hear about the subscription thing especially this quote-unquote late in the game
thank you see it very so all right anything else we want to touch on that may not be addressed the
show roll coming up okay if not let's move into our gaming weeks let's talk about how was your
gaming week and the types of video games that we've been playing this week our soccer oh obviously
Animal Crossing but what else um I have been a little bit of idle pouring but like if I don't
if I don't get the the rebirth because you have to like fight Osiris and I can't beat him yet I'm
just like ready to give up on that damn game but I have been doing some Apple arcade stuff I'm kind
of getting really back into pinball wizard it's like this little game where you play a guy and you
have to propel him pinball style through these levels and hit enemies they can also turn red
and attack you back and you hit barrels for like energy and treasure and life I'm reminded of like
pinball quest on the NES where it's like it's pinball but there's a purpose to it type of thing
well and your goal is to get the key that unlocks the door and sometimes you have to take the bars
off the door but you can still unlock the door when the door opens you have a countdown until
it lets you go through it and usually for me that's like more treasure more treasure because
your treasure goes back into your overall score that gives you your level and you can also go in
as you progress along with different levels you get different abilities unlocked but you can pay
for those abilities to go up like my favorite one right now because I hate when I when I drain like
I have a post that comes up that like stays up for like I have it now for like ten cycles or
something but I like the one that like when you drain it takes less energy off of you and like
there's these annoying bat creatures that you have to like hit their bombs it kicks the bombs into
them and blows them up and then you have spiders that throw webs on your on your flippers and
things like that it's kind of fun and then I've actually been playing legit pinball so we just
got Doctor Who working again today and I played some black rose the other day and I played theater
magic because that one was mine and Dan's anniversary machine and I just felt like a
little bit of the it needed some love although it's hard to play anything in the garage right
now because Dan's in the middle of rebuilding at 69 Mustang it was his first car he bought
it off the street for 1200 bucks cash and he's getting it running so that's really oh and I
picked up a thing today and I want people to guess what that thing is it could be a lot of things
star soccer you got to give us some it's a game is it bigger than a bread box no okay let's see
is it oh it's a game okay is it a Nintendo switch game it is okay oh it's in a GameStop bag okay
you know what it is it's in a non GameStop bag gifted all right there it is so she's holding up
on the stream her copy of Pokemon sword finally there you go so yeah all because of one Pokemon
really sir fetch one Pokemon sold it for you sir fetched okay should we not be giving wild animals
weapons now I mean I feel that this is a bad leak that didn't look like a leak in his mouth that
looked like he's holding a sword he's holding the leak as a sword yes I get sir fetches holding a
leak that little grooky gun meme that's a little tiny gun for those would be sword the bunny no I
don't and I'm in actually I think that you know the fact start off with whatever that fire bunny
is they score buddy yeah holding a leak is even kind of more frightening because that means he's
fashioning a shank and they'll know they're they're gonna murder you and you're I'm just glad dark
soccer has Pokemon sword because I have Pokemon shield and I feel like a lot more people like
judging my friends list like I would say like two-thirds are on shield it's it's interesting
how that seems to be the more popular I've already had a handful of people say oh get me a sir fetch
and like and change just like they're a bitch to evolve good luck because everyone wants the fancy
ponytail is what it is oh yeah ponytas only in she's gonna get me one oh oh oh oh is he if I'm
gonna get you a sir fetched fine that'll be the deal is that when we get the hardcore pokey man's
all right anything else for your gaming week um you should talk about I know you haven't been
playing it but I know you've been watching yeah okay so my whole reason for because we I knew I
was gonna eventually be picking up a game but I didn't know if I was gonna get Death Stranding or
not so it ended up just being completely impatient getting sick of people trying to
spoil shit because if someone wants to put spoil shit I'll spoil it for myself first so I watched
an entire playthrough of Death Stranding so I could skip through the walking simulator which
thank God I didn't buy it because the walking simulator part would be boring as fuck to me I'm
just I'm sorry that is I like exploring I don't like exploring when you have to fight shit like
the way that that has to happen and just the scenery was pretty but it was a little too
natural to be fun if that makes sense it's really well rendered though but I did watch the whole
thing cuz I was like what the fuck Kojima I've decided my favorite character is the bridge baby
because I want to be a bridge baby and do watch this I know you know but I do still plan to play
this like my New York trip through kind of this off and now I'm all about Pokemon shield which
I'll come back to in a little bit so I won't pick up Death Stranding until I'm secretly hoping
there'll be a Black Friday sale even though it's a black brand new game I feel like games that have
come out I've still gotten reduced and like I said I'm on I would think there's gonna be a Black
Friday sale and I'll pick up like to me it has a lot that makes me think of end of Evangelion
especially the ending which of course I'm not gonna spoil for anybody but I really did get like
a hardcore end of Evangelion vibe which I don't know the story of that so that's fine and I also
no one does no one that's watching it's more or less like the one of the overrunning themes in
the Evangelion series is how people relate to each other and contact with other people and that was a
big thing in this is the the thought of of contact with people and it's not much of a spoiler because
you find out right at the beginning but Sam the main character has almost allergic reaction when
people touch him he has a big fear of touch and one of the ongoing things in the game is how people
feel about their contact with other people you've got these different you know disparate groups all
over the the country that you're trying to unite and a lot of them don't want to unite because they
think they're safer by themselves and it's you know and keep in mind this is coming from a
Japanese writer and a big thing in Japanese society right now is that disconnection of
personal relationships and you know that goes to something we were discussing well I was gonna ask
you if I could kind of bring this up I was gonna say it's kind of a difficult question but I know
we were talking a little bit about it before the show but I was wondering if I could bring up on
the show there was a controversy on Twitter and social media going around about you know
is is there an anti asexual narrative in the game well I was and I wanted you're a pit year you're
an out asexual woman you've mentioned that on the show before I wanted to know your take you know
even though you haven't played the game you certainly familiarized yourself with the story
start to finish at this point so what's your I dug deep what what's your well what's your take
on the ace because I when I read it I was like oh shit is this gonna ruin the game for Dark Sakura
what's your take on the asexuality my narrative my thing is that first of all that it's supposed
to be one observation of a character in it who probably doesn't identify as asexual we
are kind of mythical to some people they don't really understand because a lot of people meaning
asexual people yes because a lot most people I mean we are what one to two percent of the
population we may be as much as ten percent but that hasn't been proven yet but the majority of
people have a sex drive we are really hard to understand I was gonna quickly say I bet when
you consider that it's probably more of like a spectrum and you have what do you call that
the demisexuality that's kind of like your gray ace where it's like a little bit that probably is
kind of where it comes demisexual is when you can only have an attraction to somebody when you form
an emotional connection to them okay anyway not to not to not even going into romantic spectrum
not to digress but edumacation but but you know they're saying oh we're throwing all the and I
should probably find the comment or the the thing but they're you know but a lot of people like oh
well they're you know using this as weapon against us and saying all this that we're degrading
society and all that like no no no no and keep in mind the writing of this is coming from a
Japanese writer and right now in Japanese society in America starting to have some of this go on to
you is that they are first of all having fewer dedicated relationships and a much lower birth
rate because people in general are not having sex I mean I'll just put it that way it's really low
on the societal priority level a lot more is being brought into career and education and things like
that so I just did a quick search on Twitter and I don't think this is the original tweet but
somebody on Twitter has wrote content warning ace phobia oof warning for asexual folks and anyone
really death stranding has some fucked up trash of a codex entry and it's it has a screenshot and
I'm not gonna read the whole thing but it's called an asexual world record suggests that the
widespread aversion towards physical contact and intimacy was a phenomenon that had been observed
even before the death stranding one contemporary report for example details the increasing
popularity of the sexless lifestyle among young people a growing percentage of the younger cohort
were self-identifying as asexual claiming to be incapable of feeling desire or attraction and it
goes on that's from the in-game yeah and see the thing is though is that I mean I look at it along
as like how autism is going that oh people weren't done autism before that's like well you know this
because they're finding more of us and we feel a lot more comfortable being public about those
things about ourselves you know or like oh what's all this trans business we didn't have this well
now people have a name to put on their identity it's the same thing and I think that yes it came
from a rather tone-deaf point of view and you know they also go in to talk about the quote a
measurable decrease in human fertility blah blah blah but I think it's also if you look in the
context of the universe they're living in when if you get caught in the rain you're going to age so
much that you die you know or if they're creatures out there that if they kill a living person it's
going to create a crater the size of a city block who's gonna want to breed during that kind of you
know thing people are going to be afraid they're not gonna want to bring children into a world like
that so if I'm hearing correctly like maybe if somebody just takes this screenshot and if this
shit happens a lot in our online society we live in we know this that here here in the air bar to
the chat you know 2019 but if you took that screenshot and only that screenshot in no context
you might be able to see why oh this might this seems like a little bit like it's blaming
asexuals for the game but if you consider it that like you said this is one fictional person's
observation on a greater picture and you have to understand that the greater picture is based on
a society where yes sexuality has declined for all of these other reasons as well and you know
again this game doesn't necessarily always come from an American perspective as much as just
Japanese perspective where the view on sex is very different and right now this is where Japanese
society is in general you know that there's just so I mean yeah you do still have like compensated
dating and things like that but for the most part the average person isn't going to put as much a
priority on that in favor of living sometimes a more isolated life I mean you've got the hikikomori
issue right now where people are so stressed out by the outside world and other people that they
will live in in their own homes and not emerge from it and which is actually now again starting
to happen more in America we're getting a lot more of that now I think that it's really I think that
maybe this is more of an allegory for that particular societal event that and in some
cases for people who maybe are afraid I've talked to people who are just like I'm afraid of it I'm
not ready for it so I tell people I'm ace I'm like wait you're not ace if you are clearly if
you have a drive you know that does us harm but from a person who doesn't understand a sexuality
this really isn't surprising to me and I'm not insulted okay well I'm glad I asked and thank you
for helping bring some insight to that big controversy on Twitter right now and also keep
in mind a lot of people complaining about it I'll just throw it out there they're neurotypical
and I don't take that much of an emotional look toward it for me it's a little bit more on the
base of logic so I don't have an emotional attachment to those things I just know that
those people aren't thinking clearly well my perception of what's going on I mean isn't
everything perception my perception of it all is that we are we're not considering the context of
what we're looking at in a lot of these Twitter screenshots and isn't that the way things seem
to be way too often here in this year in in this generation in fact is that there's so much that
gets posted on Facebook and it's a headline that was written to be too sensational that doesn't
really consider the context of what was going on I don't believe any story I look at unless I have
opened it up read it and add my own fucking disclaimer to it and I've posted earlier on my
Facebook today I'm like X X files the truth is out there and I believe nothing so everyone I'm
gonna tell you this right now check two things when people post shit check the site it comes
from like if it's realhealthnews.com it's about detoxing it's probably fake as fuck check the
dates on your articles to check if they're cited check their sources be you have to do your due
diligence when you read any of this I really wish Facebook would integrate the date of the article
I'm getting off of Facebook anyway one way or another diversion but so back to Death Stranding
so my consensus my feeling of what you're saying about it is the game part of it but the story part
of it pretty interesting well and the other thing too is that as these people become more connected
it brings its own danger with it so and I'm not starting out getting into the spoilers on that
but that is also showing you that there are pluses and minuses to everything the fears that people
have and I really do think that it's just a really good corollary for a lot of things happening in
the world right now and the nature of interpersonal relationships and how we deal with our communities
it really is a great commentary I fucking love the story and I wanted to punch a few people in
the face and Conan O'Brien one of them his character is so fucking stupid and I hate Conan
O'Brien okay I don't think he's funny and his character was even less funny except I totally
won an otter hat so someone was to get me an otter hat you can get one I'll give you my address but
but it really was a great just correlation to a lot of things the world are in and from someone
who had I started off I did take a lot of psychology classes deciding if I wanted to be
a major or not and it really did just spike a lot of the stuff I remember from school well and I'm
very fascinated your your review has piqued my interest even more like I thought originally it
would be a hate play of Kojima's you know art fuck project but I will tell you that the true ending
though it's long it's metal it's metal gear solid for long is it true it's a two-hour cutscene at
the end fuck something like that but it was one of the scenes where I wanted to punch somebody
huh and the one thing I like about the true ending is that all of these little flashbacks you get
through the game it puts them into context yeah one thing I've been hearing pretty consistently
about the game is that once you beat it it makes sense that it's not like it's not that vague or
whatever like like the build-up to the game has been it's really good at the foreshadowing and
redirection I'm not gonna say necessarily misdirection because it's kind of guiding you
in the right way but it shifts gears to where you thought it was heading one way a little bit of
miss and redirection all right all right well let's stop there before we even and that's my
non-spoiler spoilery psychiatric review of Death Stranding well now I have to make a game called
hate play art fuck project that's just a great name can we put that on the YY our request no
Loki's gonna do it I just have to get something really artsy and out there I just my head isn't
up my own ass enough to be able to like put something out like that yes just just pick
like an art period like distill or the Bauhaus movement and you've got something to go from
because sometimes distill and Bauhaus we're kind of up there and asked you all right art found up
my own ass by Loki all right Loki how is your gaming week I played a lot of minecraft dirt
because that launched this week so it's the new AR game yay okay great you can tell me what the
fuck it is because I've tried playing it and but to be fair I've been sick all week so I haven't
really left the house a lot you know some for work for a couple days so I've been able to do is tap
stuff on the house I'm like yay I got bricks yay so what what's the game so basically there's not
much of a game there yet so it's just like Pokemon there's not a whole lot of but there's very much
a game in Pokemon Pokemon go not so much but collecting them all yeah so you just you go around
which is kind of nice they have like they don't have so you play the game what you have is
tappable so they're when you pull it up there's like your map which you see your streets around
you and everything and there's stuff that you can tap on the map to get things so they have like
rock or you know it's like stone grass trees there's cows pigs and sheep and so you can tap
on those and you get them and it adds it to your inventory and then you build up your inventory
and then they have these base plates you can use to actually go kind of build something it's sort
of like creative mode and you build it and then using the AR thing so you actually like kind of
project it onto the floor when it works because I was trying to do it here in the studio and mine
kept sinking into the floor so you project it and you build it on it and stuff and then you can go
into like a play mode and actually like actually play with legit Minecraft but it's really small
it's like 16 by or at the most 16 by 16 the ones you start off with are eight by eight and so most
of the stuff that you're doing in the game it feels like you're kind of looking into a hole
because that's kind of what it is so like they have these adventures that you go on
so you'll see these lights that are in parks and it's not like pokemon go where they have specific
points that they spawn in it's basically an area of the map that it's the deemed there's a park
and they'll spawn randomly in there and they'll shuffle around every once in a while and move
to different parts of the park and so like the park near me I have like three of them that just
shuffle around um over by the river there's like a fucking ton of them just like crazy amounts of
those things but they're not all that diverse so each one you when you go on an adventure that's
such an elaborate way to put it it's basically just a small section of Minecraft so you can go
in there you actually have to have a pickaxe and sword and stuff and you dig out blocks and the
blocks that are in there are sometimes different than what you can find normally in your tappables
like for example that's the only way you can get coal which is kind of annoying um so you go there
and then you can fight mobs sometimes and really like for the adventures for me it's collect as many
um blocks as I can before I get bum rushed by skeletons for no fucking reason is what it is
because you'll be like digging into the ground and really all it is is it's a hole so you're digging
down and you've got your eight by eight section and then for no reason there's skeletons coming
to me at the side even though it's daylight out and they should be burning in the sun Minecraft
rules um but I'm getting bum rushed by them so then I have to kill them and do all that if you die
in adventure mode you lose all your blocks that you had yikes well just in your like so you start
off you have like a one line you're like in Minecraft you have like a row of items that you
normally have without going into like your inventory so that row of items you lose that
and then any blocks you picked up in the adventure mode you lose that so what I tend to do is like if
I see myself getting low on health exit out you take everything with you then you can go back in
there if you want and if you dive and who cares so now but you you were saying something about
the creations don't really save where other people yeah so like I can't draw a big dick in somebody
that not that I've found so like right now like you can build your base plates and stuff and you
can you can put them down and then I think there's a way that you can sync it so that other people
can actually see it as well but you have to like scan something on their phone in order to do that
it's not like I can just go to your park or go to a park and build something and it's there for
anybody to see as far as I'm aware because I could see where people would be complete
douche bags about like building you know bags of dicks and things on people's houses
so yeah so you have to like willingly share that and receive that from somebody in order to be
able to see right so they've got yeah because they have like a join a friend mode and you have to
like you have like a space or whatever that you can scan a qr code it looks like and then they've
got um you can do crafting in the game because it is minecraft so you have a crafting table and a
smelter and you can you don't really eat so here's the weird thing so like I can in the adventure
mode I can kill sheep and uh cows like you would expect and you get meat from them but normally
you would cook the meat and eat it and use it for like regain your health you can't do anything with
it like I have meat I can't put it in the smelter uh which is your oven I can't use it to cook it
I can't eat it to regain my health in like adventure modes I don't know what the point
of the game is like really rough around the edge it is really rough around the edges it's but it
is early access it yeah say the tutorial kind of stinks the tutorial stinks um uh you basically
most of the leveling up of the game is just tapables just tap stuff and you'll go up I'm
already level 12 and the adventure mode doesn't really give you that much in the way of um
experience it's more of just here's a way to get like blocks I can get steel from there um
and I don't know it's it's all right so one thing you know there's several things that are wrong
with it right now one it has a really hard time tracking where you are like it that GPS tracking
it especially when I get near the river and I don't know why it's just that corridor between
highway 50 and in the American river there it's just jumping like a mile away and back just going
like all of our coverage is not great with all the wildlife out there I just don't know it just
it cannot track me or like if I'm at my work it's jumping across the street and coming back it's
just don't you work in a tall building I'm talking about outside in the parking lot like where the
like it should be able to read my GPS in the middle of you know open space at my work like
even though I work on the first floor of a three-story building like my GPS always puts me
but I mean it puts me right on top of a pokey stop but it's the pokey stop that's like across
the parking lot at the little stand where you can get sandwiches like clear across the lot even
though that's nowhere near where my desk actually is so um yeah so I mean basically you get like
tappables and then um they have like daily challenges that you can do and you get experience
that way which is another good way to do it um you get experience I see you're tapping shit on
my house right now yeah so it's just like cobblestone like I have so much cobblestone
and everything like I have there's no limit to what you can carry no that's nice there's no good
limit on the inventory about Harry Potter so like of course you want to know like it's a free to
play game so where the microtransactions um not very many actually so what they've got is you can
you earn um rubies as you're playing the game and the rubies can be used for a couple things
you can use them to buy additional base plates so you can have more base plates and the base plates
come with things on them already like it's already like a pre-designed thing so what I tend to do
with the base plates is just clear them out and take all the things from them um you can see you
can buy new base plates you can use it to speed up the time it takes to craft things because it
does take time to craft stuff in here so if like I want to make a pickaxe it's gonna take like
five minutes to do that so if I were a typical mobile game trope right so if I want to speed
it up I can just you know tap it in it it's one rupee per minute um but you earn them so often
like I have over a hundred of them right now and I haven't bought anything so you have that and then
they also have like um with the s2100 mats like this discussion killed chat apparently chat does
not give a shit about minecraft earth I don't know I think it's interesting um see minecraft's only
like the biggest game to come out in the last 15 years so you can create your own skins and stuff
in there and then they have like you can do customization with the skins like they have
outfits that you can buy you can spend money on whatever they're like gold or whatever but the
outfits kind of suck I don't know but it's really access you're gonna spend money on it yeah exactly
so it's that's kind of what they have so far let me let me ask this to sum it up is there potential
here yes absolutely I think so like I want to see how like because before they made it sound like
oh you can go to the park and you can see you know someone's creation stuff and it's actually
kind of cool like actually when it is bright and you're out like a park or something like that it
does track pretty well like you can I was playing it earlier today and I'm sure it looks stupid but
like it works like you can walk around and like have strangers coming up to you going are you
playing the poke no no no one came up to me because they they because they do that to me
when I'm playing Ingress are you no but like I like so for me like I had because I'm looking
up and down so I have my phone like this or I'm like looking down at the ground and stuff like
that and like I'm like dodging stuff so it looks a little weird but it's it's fun it's the only
and because it is early access it eats your battery like nothing and it makes your phone
super hot so that's the only uh downside is it will eat your battery it gets all toasty like
early AR games will do yes as as early AR games do so um yeah definitely we're checking out if
you haven't yet and it's it's fun so it is one of those games you can actually probably play it on
your house just without going anywhere because stuff keeps respawning there and you can tap away
and get all sorts of stuff um so aside from Minecraft Earth I played a little bit of Pokemon
Go and I played more What the Golf so I've been going through that and what else working on my
game and that's about it all right uh my gaming week so I guess I've also been AR gaming and
the good old Ingress has double AP right now so I've been trying to play that but it's
it's hard because I've been getting over this cold um but I still I still did some walking
around to the local park just you know smashing what the opponents did and building my own thing
and pretty much it's pretty much sanctioned when trading at this point but whatever I'm getting the
double AP uh so that's nice and then I've been playing Pokemon Go I did community day uh I caught
three shiny Chimchars more importantly I caught two of the bong weasings uh which are uh the Galar
region one they look like big bongs so that was fun big bongs they did what will you trade me
uh I can try I don't know if those are tradable they should be I can trade one yeah um so I caught
those and then um yeah that was fun um and then uh Harry Potter I played a little bit today because
there's a community day in Harry Potter but all I did was I walked to the park that's like right
here because it was all fortress battle stuff so I just did like four battles in the fortress I was
like okay I'm done bye and that was that was my Harry Potter community day um so still still
staying on the up and up on the AR games so there is that um but I'm playing of course lots of
traditional games as well I mentioned Bloodstained earlier in the show um still making my way slowly
through that I just beat what I think is the third boss um so just making my way through
that game still it's it's good times um and still been playing Final Fantasy 14 my machinist finally
hit level 80 so I now have a healer a tank and a dps all at level 80 so I can do whatever I want
in the different uh end game content and I've been playing a lot this weekend of Pokemon Shield
I got the digital copy that unlocked on Thursday night and I started playing I think my playtime
count says it's like at eight or nine hours that seems like a lot when you consider I only have two
badges but it does take a long time to get to the first gym um so I'm I'm enjoying the game so far
uh it's interesting how it throws you into that wild zone pretty early on so the wild zone is
like a very large open map like a very probably the largest map that's been in a Pokemon thing
and because it's on the switch on a newer system you can kind of see clear across this map you know
when you're standing on one side of it so you can see where all the tall grass is and you know you
can see Pokemon on the map now so you kind of have an idea what you're going to run into and catch
although there will sometimes still just be little rustles that exclamation points and you won't know
what that is until you run into them so of course some of the really good stuff is hidden so you
have to kind of you know take your chances and so forth um but I thought it was very interesting
that it's so open before you get to the first gym I mean you can amass easily a Pokdex of
probably if I'd really spent time on it and like done more of the Dynamax raids and stuff which
I'll get into in a minute I probably could have had a Pokdex of 50 or 60 if not more
like before I even took on the first gym um whereas you know in the early games it's like
what okay I caught a Pidgey a Rattata and a Nido Nido male and a Nido female and now I got to go
and a Caterpie and I gotta go take on uh you know Brock you know that your choices are pretty
limited from the early routes so it's kind of interesting it's interesting especially when a
lot of the dialogue about this game has been about the removal of Pokmon and stuff it is interesting
how plentiful the Pokmon seem in these early stages of the game and you know to address that
controversy a little bit like you know sure I was a little bit sad to hear that some of the
starters including you know Litten from the last generation stuff some ones I really like
aren't in it but at the same time you know there are like 400 Pokmon that are in it
and I'm still having enough of a like discovery mode thing where I run into these Pokmon and go
oh this guy and I'm not the hardcore Pokmon fan that some of you are you know or Shane is or
something like that but I do play quite a bit of Pokmon Go so there's a lot of Pokmon that I'll
go like oh it's one of those guys it's the little shell guy from Pokmon Go or oh it's a Hoothoot
those are trash in Pokmon Go you know like I'll recognize I'll recognize excuse me I'll recognize
stuff from Pokmon Go and I think that's kind of fun so you know even though there's a lot of stuff
missing sure there's a lot of stuff that's still there and it's enough to make me go oh it's that
guy oh it's this guy oh fun oh I think what's really interesting about this game though are
the Dynamax raids so you can actually so in the wild area you'll see these big beams of light
and if you walk up to them you can initiate a raid so it's kind of like Pokmon Go in a way
but more the more strategic it's not just tapping as fast as you can it's like an actual Pokmon
battle that's four versus one um so you and three friends take on a Pokmon or if you're like
fuck friends I don't want to play games with other people you can just take three NPCs in with you
and do it or you can do a combination you have one friend they need to have two NPCs whatever
and you can do these raids and um when you're connected to the internet playing the game
you can see when other people are about to start raids and join their raid which I think is really
cool so like the first time so like the other raids the Pokmon are larger than normal oh
yeah they're gigantic and then you beat it and then you have a chance to catch it so like I've
done a bunch of one star raids I've done a couple of the two stars I've usually had no problem
catching and I did a three star raid today for the first time and we beat it it was fine but I
didn't catch it I threw a great ball at it and I still didn't catch it so catching it's not
guaranteed you get like one shot and that's it so um and it's just it's luck it's big stupid luck
like these games usually are it's that little I can't remember the name of this Pokmon it's that
water Pokmon that has a butthole for a mouth that's what it is that's what it's there's little
water Pokmon with a little butthole for a mouth that's what it is and I didn't catch it
it ran away for whatever reason so oh yes reverse bidet that's right yes reverse bidet
ran away damn it reversed bidet ran away
so yeah but um so I'm through the second gym right now and um yeah on my way to the third
gym and I'm enjoying the game it's you know I don't usually beat Pokmon games because
I'll go oh shiny and something else takes my interest or I'm like this takes too long to get
from here to here but um I'm enjoying this one well enough and yeah I like that I think the
other thing that I like too is that when I do the raids you get experience candy so that helps you
level your Pokmon so it's like you don't have to sit there and just grind regular Pokmon battles
as someone who hasn't played the mainline Pokmon games does this have enough of a tutorial in it
where like I'm gonna know what I'm doing or is it more of like you probably should have played some
Pokmon games it's kind of the same tutorial all the other games have where it's like it walks you
through oh you here I'll help you catch a Pokmon so first you want to weaken it then you throw a
ball at it kind of walks you through those types of things I mean it is for kids so it's Nintendo
kids could probably understand it Loki I don't know if you can but I think I think yeah probably
be into it it's fun maybe yeah so um yeah I'm enjoying it enough uh the only thing I could
really read it on uh if I had to go into like the negative actually wait no there's one more
positive I actually want to say um it's not a thing that usually gets committed in games but
I think the music in particular is worth calling out like especially when you're doing the gym
battles like the big like battle like when you fight like Milo the the grass gym leader the the
water gym leader when you're Nessa I think her name is when you're fighting them like the gym
battle music's like really good so like a lot of the music in the game is really good okay so I
guess I should say something negative it's not a perfect game uh the one thing I could probably
read it on is that it it kind of has some performance issues uh when you're in the wild
area and I think just because it is a Nintendo switch um a Nintendo switch can't do you know the
same type of power that the other consoles can do and when you are connected and online like what
happens is that your wild area will get populated with other players will show up and like give you
gifts and things like that but like they just like pop in on top of you right next to you like
halfway running and it's kind of jank like it's not very flattering to the get like it's almost
better to just take it offline and then the performance issues aren't nearly as bad so
that's the one thing I could probably read it on is that performance issues when you're connected
in the wild although I do love the idea of the Ycom and being able to join in raids and stuff
like it does it it kind of chokes when you're in the wild area um but I guess it's an optional
thing or what have you so all right oh Shane says you can skip those tutorials if you want
he's in the chat saying that you can skip those tutorials that's true I do remember you get
dialogue choices and it'll say like tell me more or I know you know so you can kind of choose if
the game's gonna hand hold you a little bit or or not so all right um that's it for my gaming week
I think I've said said plenty so let's move on we're gonna get into some news here and talk about
what's going on in the gaming world and we'll start off with uh Loki let's talk about Google
Stadia so Google Stadia is uh launching pretty soon actually this week so uh November 19th
it's gonna be launching but it's gonna be missing some of the features that they talked about
originally at um when they were announcing it so some of the things that are missing stream connect
uh state share and crowd play uh the features that allow you to join in other people's games
um or I believe that you can connect to games through like YouTube when they were gonna have
that link or whatever um that is not coming it's supposed to be out um they said expect the first
game of streaming connect to launch by the end of the year now this may change too because we
just had a late breaking announcement with uh Stadia as well so I'll get into that just say
um their achievement system not going to be coming right away uh the ability to use the
chromecast ultras uh to play games not launching with that um apparently family sharing is not
going to happen if you want to play if you're uh you're if you're a parent and your kids have
access to different accounts you're gonna buy the game separately for them um right now so
Google Stadia is about as finished as Minecraft Earth yes actually Minecraft is probably further
along uh the buddy passes that you apparently agree with the founders edition so if you bought
the founders edition you get like a three month pass um those will be coming out later um you're
gonna get emailed those later uh the stadia controller uh apparently even though people
have pre-ordered the stadia will get their codes assigned to the service um starting November 19th
will be able to play on their phones and chrome browsers apparently uh some of the packages
contain the controllers and chromecast have staggered shipping and those may not make launch
whoops so uh what are the games gonna be at launch originally there was um gonna be just
a total of 12 games at launch and that kind of sucked oh is this our late like breaking news
this is our late breaking news okay is not 12 anymore is now gonna be 22 games oh they added
10 more games so the day one games now that are gonna or i'm sorry it's yeah that's only 15
though that i see okay well let's see if i can put together the list here so originally uh the
games that would be coming so assassin's creed odyssey attack on titan 2 final battle uh they
said a ghost recon breakpoint uh let's see here their destiny 2 was gonna be one of the ones that
had with stadia pro that was gonna be uh launching there some of the other games that are gonna be
coming because destiny 2 is the only one you get on the house like yeah that's people have
to remember this is not xbox game pass yeah this is a virtual console meaning you're still buying
games for said virtual console yeah some of the other games um coming farming simulator 2019
final fantasy 15 football manager 2020 grid 2019 uh guilt just dance 2020 kine metro exodus mortal
combat 11 nba 2k 20 rage 2 rise of the tomb raider um i believe there's more the two more
tomb raider games that were in there as well there's more stuff on this shadow tomb raider um
it just dance wasn't on the original list yeah that was it was on the list but it was one of
the games that was coming later this year or possibly early next year it wasn't one that was
necessarily um at launch um let's see what else was there here i hate how we do this so yeah
destiny 2 um guilt was going to be a game that's going to be exclusive to them i think just dance
2020 was actually on the original list kine uh red dead redemption 2 oh uh was one a thumper
and then of course tomb raider definitive edition rise of the tomb raider and shadow of the tomb
raider definitive edition and samurai showdown i think that's about all of them but well i can't
wait to hear what other people think about stadia i just it's a lot of games that are already out
on other systems but i don't know so i think it's going to be more interesting when like
anybody can just fire up a chrome browser and try it like i think that's going to be make a
more compelling case for it because right now it just seems like everything's really like
bare bones like like they might have rushed it a little bit you know it's funny because there's
a lot of talk in chat and i've heard the same stuff online about are the new pokemon games
rushed and i don't know but this stadia thing i mean like you want to talk about something
that really feels like it's rushed this stadia launch is like especially when you hear everything
that's not really going to be there and games are being added and you know changed as we're coming
up on the day like it seems like it's really rushed what's going on over here so it doesn't
sound like a really interesting prospect at all because it's like i i it's not like i i get it
like if if i didn't have a game console or something i might be interested in it but like
like at this point like even like say let's say for example i get i i wanted to buy the stadia
thing in you know with the controller which is like 100 some dollars like if you want to buy that
founders edition or whatever i mean you could buy a used console nowadays like and i'm sure
you can get xbox one um or even xbox one x for relatively cheap probably like two or three hundred
dollars and you know you get games passed and then you have access to probably all these games
and more like for probably cheaper plus than you downloading stuff instead of actually having this
streaming all the time which is eating up your bandwidth caps because like i you know what
their solution was and they had a comment their solution for the bandwidth caps well you see
the isps are going to see that these that this streaming service is popular and they're just
going to be generous and raise those bandwidth caps because people are using the service more
i'm like what fucking universe are you on because this is not how anything works well
actually i'm going to give that guy the benefit of the doubt i don't think he i don't think that's
the right way to phrase it but i think it's if the consumer demand is there enough especially
in places where markets can be competitive the unfortunate thing is most of us live in places
where there's only one option but especially in those competitive markets you know if that's going
to sway people's decision as to what internet service provider they have and the demand is
there for it eventually it will raise and here's here's the thing so one thing we haven't talked
about tonight because it's technically not gaming but i'm sure a lot of people have it on their mind
that disney plunge plus launched this week right yeah and so disney plus is relatively cheap because
you all know what they're doing right there it's a cheap price get you hooked for the first
what is it three years right that they're giving it and then they're going to jack that price up
after three years watch uh once everybody's hooked on it and they've they've beaten the crap out of
their competitors and so forth but anyway i digress my point is you can watch the star wars
movies in 4k for 6.99 a month now most people don't have that 4k streaming because you have
to pay extra for it on netflix and i don't know what the other guys are doing but let's be real
like the king of streaming right now has been historically netflix it's going to be interesting
to see what disney plus does to that equation but there's going to be a shit ton of people that are
streaming 4k movies this month because there's going to be people with that disney plus because
it's dirt fucking cheap how many families do you think are going to have a star wars marathon in
4k after thanksgiving think about it after thanksgiving after thanks already started yeah
see so there's gonna be families that are like we're gonna watch all seven movies i finally got
my kids to watch star wars movies so but are you watching it in 4k probably so it's an hdr what do
you think that's doing your bandwidth so my my point is people like this between disney plus
and stadia and all this shit like this conversation with isps and bandwidth is going to happen sooner
rather than later i'm going to point out that i can watch the unedited beautiful original versions
that only have the touch-ups um on my laserdisc player just saying you know what i have to say
about that mclunky but i don't have to deal with what's-his-face as anakin i'm just gonna say
though like fucking like i don't want to turn this into the disney plus podcast but watching tron from
1982 in fucking high definition 60 frames a second was fucking sexy like and i know you did
this too dar sakra but tron was the first thing i watched tron was the first thing i watched you
know what the second thing i watched was tron legacy no sister act that's what that's what my
wife's making us watch next week i will point out the first thing we actually watched was the
mandalorian but the next thing i watched after that was tron and then tron legacy and then dan
wanted to watch the love bug you know what i'm gonna go on record you can quote me on this
fuck the mandalorian you know why because apparently disney plus is getting sister act three
that mandalorian what seriously this is this is huge news apparently script writers have been
hired and uh there's this whole thing going on whoopi goldberg she's playing uh deloris uh i
almost said deloris clayborn no deloris van cottier she's playing that on the west end
production with jennifer Saunders from absolutely fabulous playing mother superior which i would
i would die to see that production i really would but anyway um and apparently all this
is bringing awareness back to sister act so that disney will go forward with sister act three
which is supposed to be a disney plus thing oh that'll be amazing i know anyway sorry
where were we i was just we were just talking about the last night why isn't there a third one
yet well well wait disney plus is gonna make all our dreams come true hopefully i would be here
you know what when i was watching sister act all i could think was like
there really needs to be a remake of this movie starring bob the drag queen
am i right dark sakura like yeah like bob the drag queen as deloris van cartier would be or even
even if it was like like like the the you have to be bob or monae oh i think i think it's i think
bob would be i think bob the drag queen is the superior pick over any rupaul striker screen but
maybe that would be the gag is that instead of a nightclub singer it is a drag performer and bob
plays you know both you know male bob and female bob so i i would love that i'd watch that would
you yeah okay hello disney hey disney hello hello hello straight guy said he would watch sister act
with bob the drag queen do you do you understand what's happening here on this day make it happen
do the thing do the thing anyway that's the only remake in history i would support
anyway where were we oh yeah google stadia yeah well anyway yeah everything goes to drag queens
rob how long how long before that crashes and burns i mean really um because i think if anything
like microsoft their offerings that they have with x cloud is far superior than what you're gonna get
with stadia because eventually with the x cloud stuff we're talking like games pass is going to
be supported on that then who the fuck cares about stadia at that point i don't think this
year is going to matter for stadia it's going to matter most when google flips that switch where
they say anybody with a chrome browser whether that be your shitty little chrome book whether
that be a phone now google stadia is something for you to try and we have this limited destiny
2 experience for free for everybody to try to see what this is all about that's the moment that's
going to break google stadia this year i kind of think is a giant beta test that's what it feels
like to me anyway so anyhow but we'll see bobby blackwolf's actually getting one he's hoping he
has one before his next show so we can talk about it a little more on the show so and i know there's
some google stadia centered podcast out there so i'm curious to hear what what folks have to say
about it but i'm just i've got other games to play right now i'll let y'all beta test it and tell me
how it is and then i'm gonna wait for them to unleash it for you know where i don't have to
drop drop 100 bucks or whatever it is up front i can just because i do have a shitty little chrome
book and if the stadia thing works well and i do more business traveling maybe it would give me
incentive to take my chrome book with me when i travel if i could actually play decent video games
when i travel so i'm i'm open to it let's let's see it all right moving on let's get to our next
story which has to do oh so we're kind of back on pokemon a little bit because there's been a lot of
twitter outrage you don't say there was this hashtag going around all of twitter that was
hashtag game freak lied and uh of course in response there's a hashtag thank you game freak
as well but why were people angry about pokemon and game freak lied well because apparently um
one of the examples given was that there was a wireframe bulbasaur from sword and shield which
is weird to me because fucking bulbasaur isn't in sword and shield bulbasaur is one of the pokemon
that was cut so i don't know if they dug it out of the files or what but anyway there's a wireframe
from bulbasaur from sword and shield and apparently it's the same wireframe from sun and moon
gasp but then this 3d artist on twitter actually starts to disseminate why it doesn't fucking
matter what it because it does there are differences and she kind of breaks down like
what's going on and that you could actually take the wireframe from pokemon quest for mobile phone
games it would be the same as what you see in any of the other pokemon uh games um it's not the
wire for it's on the model that they're changing its textures on top of it so so fans i'm using
that loosely because i think if you're if you're going so far as to send death threats to the
developer which please just stop doing that when is ever a death threat against a developer gotten
something positive from me i would hope the listeners of this show aren't the ones participating
in that i'd like to think they are so i don't think we need to lecture you guys on that but uh
you know the those folks apparently are mad because they were told that assets would not
be reused and then they were reused if you want to see a lot of like the complaining go to the
pokemon reddit there's a dude on the pokemon reddit who every day is doing one family of
pokemon that was put down or that was will no longer be seen it's so fucking dramatic and like
pokemon sword and shield and i'm just kind of like okay look i understand where people were
frustrated with the dex cuts even at first i was very much like well i mean pokemon does say gotta
catch them all and you're not gonna really be able to catch them all in this game but you know now
that i've like actually played the game i'm kind of like there's enough to see and do you know it's
it's gonna be fine maybe they'll just add them in later on i i don't think they will i mean they're
i think at this point because of all the the belly aching and stuff going on i think in the
next pokemon game gen 9 or whatever i think they're gonna go back but i mean pokemon gen
9 is probably not gonna happen till like 2026 at this point because it's gonna take them so
long to put in all those other pokemon i don't i don't know anyway so there's this big hashtag that
was going around on it and a lot of it had to do with the model remake and that whole thing but
again but dex it as they're calling it was a big part of that as well i just i don't know like
now that i've played the game i'm like whatever it's fine like it's not the end of the world in
fact it's a pretty decent pokemon game and if you think about it like when you played pokemon gen 2
you didn't unlock the gen 1 pokemon until after you beat the game and there's a lot of pokemon
games that have had more like limited things where all the pokemon are kind of like post game and
stuff so i think i think people are just i mean it was 800 pokemon it would have been almost like
too many to wrap your head around so like i think i think it's okay it's gonna be okay people the
game came out fine so it kind of reminds me of ddr actually that you mentioned oh god because
you can't put all the old songs back in there you know as much as you want that's music licensing
you know you know i could understand especially like they should have just always been like we're
just going to cut the legendaries because it's going to throw off the bat you know i can
understand where maybe they're trying to make a shift in the competitive space for pokemon by
cutting all those legendaries and the pokemon that people always use like in in a way it's actually
kind of interesting because now that they've reshuffled everything with with sword and shield
it's like it's going to cause the competitive scene to kind of be rebooted and different
combinations will be looked at and re-evaluated so i kind of think it's interesting in that regard
for what it's worth so yeah and then we have this really disgusting stuff thing where it's like
some people were upset with reviewers for scoring the game so high yeah the same people that were
pissed off when they said too much water 7.3 or whatever it was like it's the same fucking people
they're just mad about something uh and then sj100 matt talking about how sarah b net is
getting threats for posting the news like gross like their fans just people need to calm down
you need to calm down the game's fine go play the game and then tell me what you think i mean is it
perfect no but is it good enough i think so anyway moving on dark sakura you have more pokemon news
right i do for folks who had let's go pikachu or let's go eevee um well you can uh obtain them in
sword and shield if you have a save file from one of those games which means i need to borrow
one of your copies of of whichever one of the let's go's you have so i can get a save file
and then give it right back to you yeah i have let's go pikachu and i'll give you so here's a
tip you can't evolve the eevee you get for free with this however well you don't get an eevee
anyway with let's go pikachu but on on and this isn't a spoiler i think to say if you need an eevee
go to route four eevee's there but just may take a little bit before you see because i caught an
eevee on route four however he's a little fucker like i had to use like i tried like three regular
pokeballs two great balls and i think two premier balls i think finally the fucker and like he was
down to one hit point i vault swiped him down to one hit point and paralyzed him with my little
yamper those things are so fucking cute have you seen the yamper's they're little corgis with
yellow hearts on their butt they're so cute anyway yes i have actually yeah right so anyway
plus corgi mine yeah so i uh paralyzed him with corgi mon and fault swiped him down to one hit
point and the little fucker would not get in the ball for like seven balls get in the ball shinji
finally finally you should have named him shinji i know finally i caught that fucking eevee so
that one will evolve because i caught him on route four well at any rate as rob just said you you get
a freebie of of one of them depending on the version i was also looking at the gigantamax
forms and you get fat pikachu you also get long cat meowth you do you just go into your mystery
gifts and connect to the internet right now and you will get a long cat meowth long cat meowth is
the best like but at any rate um the other gigantamax forms are charizard uh meowth and
butterfree and and it's old school meowth by the way it's not not new fuzzy one so yay yeah there's
a galarian uh meowth that looks like a hobo kind of met with a viking it's kind of interesting
interesting yeah i'm looking forward to seeing this so but at any rate yeah you can you can get
to freebies if you have the old versions cool so a little benefit for those of you that played um
let's go pikachu just long enough to get to pokemon go park and then stop playing like me
yeah all right moving on what else is going on in nintendo's world lucky apparently nintendo
published a brand new game on the e-shop called the stretchers and the stretchers is out on nintendo
switch and it's a game where i guess you play like an ambulance crew but um i know the gameplay that
i watched didn't necessarily just have like ambulance stuff like they were mowing down
things with a lawn mower but it is a co-op game and it's very strange so yeah they said
residents of a town are suddenly struck by dizziness and you need to help getting them
to the hospital you have to avoid obstacles and stuff pixel pakas in our chat over twitch tv slash
vog network says the stretchers gives me big crazy taxi vibes well that's an endorsement to me
yeah it looked weird from like the the screen the video that i saw but i mean um it's it
art style reminds me a lot of actually fortnite which is kind of weird
uh just because it's so colorful and cartoony but yeah it is um it looks fun and um definitely
different than the other nintendo stuff but yeah i do see like nitro ambulances and stuff so this
is an actual nintendo game not some indie release on i mean not that i make it sound like i'm
poo-pooing those indie releases but you know there's a lot of them on the switch this is
an actual nintendo game that's kind of in there right yeah and so what's kind of cool though is
a lot of the stuff because it is a co-op game a lot of like the things that you're doing you're
kind of coordinating with other people like they had like i just saw a screenshot where they're
doing uh moving a bomb together so one person's controlling one end of the stretcher the other
person is trolling the other end of the stretcher and that's a lot of things they're in there like
they'll have a sawing down a tree or like um you know pushing a lawnmower or something like that
but because you have to kind of work together controlling stuff is where it gets kind of crazy
that sounds kind of silly but fun yep all right cool all right well uh let's talk about uh this
story which was actually posted to our discord server over at vog network.com discord you can
join our discord server and uh people leave little stories uh ideas for us there in channel
orange lounge radio and uh sometimes especially on a week like this uh i really turn to what you
guys are posting to be like well what are they if i don't know what to talk about what are what
do the listeners want us to talk about and i thought this was a really good one because even
though it's it's that rumor status it's one of those things where i'm like okay i could see this
happening because this is what's going on in our game industry these days but apparently um bio
ware is actually working on an overhaul of anthem uh which some are referring to as anthem 2.0 or
anthem next so there's a kotaku report out there that says that uh bio ware developers in edmonton
and austin are actually doing an overhaul of the game enough for it to be anthem 2.0 or anthem next
unknown at this time if it will be updates an all-at-once expansion or an entirely new game
but it's going to change the main systems the mission structure the loot and the game world
drastically uh splitting the current game world into segments meaning developers could work on
certain areas without worrying about bugs attacking other areas uh because right now it's
all one big world and that can happen um i'm just i'm kind of giggling because i see on the side all
these sales of like anthem for ten dollars right now i'm like yikes but you know this is the day
and age of gaming now in the year 2019 is that it is possible to reboot relaunch your game and be
successful hello diablo 3 final fantasy 14 no man's sky it shouldn't it's this shouldn't be the
norm it it shouldn't and i it well yes and no like i can kind of applaud a developer who recognizes
that their game sucked and they go back and redo it like i just never expected ea to be the one to
do it because ea you would think is typically the one that's oh we're just gonna yank pull the plug
be done with it write it off we're gonna and he still might because it could be a rumor we're
gonna close bio air you know which i i hope doesn't happen i mean please don't misunderstand me
but that's just what you kind of come to expect from ea so if they really are going back and
giving this a second shot then maybe it's a sign that ea is trying to do better and not be so evil
anymore and that would be quite something going into the next decade but we'll see um but they
do say as well uh that you know they're not giving up on anthem this is something that's being worked
on more i could i could see maybe a relaunch for playstation 5 in the next xbox there might be a
narrative there for an anthem redo for those systems but i i would seriously hold on give a
shit i i they're gonna have to come a long way to win me over however any more mass effect well
funny you should mention that because this same rumor slash report says bio we're still working
on dragon age 4 and a new mass effect game is in very early development mike gamble is the one
directing it who worked previously on mass effect 2 3 and anthem well as long as it isn't you know
the half-assed thing that andromeda was that had so many missteps in it i mean i had fun with
andromeda don't get me wrong but no more dead eyes please i'm just and no more dead naming i'm so
curious about are they going to attempt to do something in shepherd's timeline
or what i i i could see them doing a parallel story to shepherd i think that's something they
you know what i want huh the aftermath based on your your ending yeah i mean that would though
be really weirdly dynamic you know like if you did like the the space magic version or the shepherd
lives version or whatever i personally want a shepherd lives version well we'll see i mean
obviously that is a huge rumor we don't know a damn thing about it um i mean i wouldn't be
surprised to find that ea is not going to walk away from mass effect and thank god but you know
just maybe rebuild your store so i can get another n7 hoodie just remaster the fucking original
trilogy already just you know playstation 5 and next xbox are coming out remaster the original
trilogy for them i think it would make a lot of people happy and it would buy you a lot of fucking
time to make a good mass effect follow-up that's and i'm gonna leave it at that throw andromeda in
there too if you want all right moving on uh dar sakra from from newer games to retro games right
yes one of my favorite series is fantasy zone because i love the opa opa so they are doing
another sega ages fantasy zone and it's going to have some neat stuff in it uh this information
comes from uh gematsu um there's actually screenshots it looks pretty good but it's going
to have a coin stock system where uh basically you can uh save these coins that you collect
and then you can use them to increase like your time limit for your shots or the amount of coins
enemies will drop and things like that um extra bosses which includes um some of the sega mark 3
bosses that appeared um you also can have the arcade uh extra boss battles and um and then uh
you can configure your settings it has upa upa mode which stars opa opa's little brother and so
it has no shot bubbles um you can start playing by withdrawing your savings from the coin stock
as long as you have a budget all weapons can be used at any time and it's slightly different
ending you also have a time attack mode with infinite lives and you just have to it looks
like there's a boss run in there and then other features for sega ages is the original um shipped
arcade version and the new arcade version um like uh it says that there are unique elements
such as the base marker b a s e that indicates the position of your base off screen and um lead
online leaderboards replays in hd rumble so it's looking it's looking pretty good and it's got like
some screen overlays it's very interesting but i freaking love fantasy zone well in these you know
and i agree with dark tetsuya in our chat who says i've been following these sega ages titles
they really go the extra mile and they like these sega you know retro revival games in the sega ages
series they really bring it like it's not just the freaking rom running in high resolution like it's
you know they really go back and add a lot of value to it so i'm really uh hyped to see this
um now interesting also a dark to see it says the one i really want is shinobi when it comes out
oh yeah that would be cool too so uh yyr says these features basically sound like what they
put into the 3ds versions of fantasy zone and fantasy zone 2 it sounds identical so
season 2 is great as well yeah the tears of opa opa so will you be checking this out when it
releases uh i know i know you're a big fantasy zone fan so i came really close to buying a uh
sega genesis sega ages fantasy zone and then i found out it was a repro so i didn't
don't but man i would love to have though the sega saturn ages version yeah keep an eye out
you never know what you might find that'd be rad all right well moving on all right tiger claw
listen up because i know you're excited to talk about this and actually a lot of the internet's
been talking about this this week uh and that is that redo of uh sonic uh the new trailer actually
hit the internet this week and uh i think he looks a lot better it looks way better
wow better here we and you said you couldn't reboot a game how about that they did they went
back and they they really i mean and that's pretty impressive for just what a few months
that they've been working on it but now instead of looking like this like disgusting like
the hybrid of human and hedgehog song that the hedgehog looks like sonic the hedgehog
i mean maybe a little bit like long in the legs and still humanish body but like the face is so
much better i think it looks just fine yeah i mean it looks really great yeah and even the trailer
itself like and that yelling like that same yelling sequence which i've seen the side by
sides and we go back and look at the old one like oh my god it looks so terrible it looks like a
parody at this point but even the new trailer like they use they don't use gangsta's paradise
they use a different song like even the trailer was just cut better and it it goes and jim carrey
looks pretty fucking funny i gotta say i know you're a big fan of jim carrey of course yeah so
yeah i i really can't wait to see the movie it looks pretty great now and uh i'm glad that they
went back and fixed it and so yeah along with that of course uh a lot of people really liking
the redesign and one of the best parts about it so apparently um the you can thank the artist from
sonic mania who helped work at that out with uh paramount so um tyson hese they said i'm honored
to have been brought in to lead the design on the new movie sonic working with jeff and the modelers
rigorous texture for artists and animators in la london and vancouver was a thrill i'll never forget
and yeah i mean looks looks great so coming out in valentine's day and i'll check it out
that's so interesting that like how the video game series has kind of ended up impacting the
movie and especially this particular one that was like a fan kind of really fan driven type of game
has now had such a positive impact on the movie like fans have saved the franchise i think i mean
definitely this has a way better chance of being successful now than it was before i i think that's
for sure i think there's so many more people now on social media that are like oh yeah i'm gonna
i'll see this now and even like you should support and it it goes so far as to make people think the
whole thing has been a hoax this whole time that we've been we've been hoaxed this entire time
and that this is all planned so that the internet would rally behind this redesign and that we would
all go to the theater and support it and it's the conspiracy theories haven't been astounding
me online this you know what though like if that's their plan and that's what they pulled
off then prop great fucking plan good job it was a risky plan but you know what people could just
said they don't give a shit about it and that's it but yeah yeah i mean vg realness says i just
really question why they thought the first trailer and vision they had was okay well i mean it's not
like we haven't seen hollywood fuck up video game movies several times before mario who greenlit
that mario brothers movie seriously you know i think miyamoto was like angry i think miyamoto's
eyes actually did that whole like you know like uh anger face type of thing like rawr and like
st anger emoji uh did you ever watch the documentary about it i think i did watch part of it there was
actually a pretty good documentary about making that movie and about uh like what it originally
was going to be and it was actually supposed to be a far better movie but they rewrote the movie
while it was being filmed yeah yikes so um but hey there's a new mario movie coming what in a
few years so yeah that's an all animated one to kind of go with the theme park have you ever
watched though the original animated one it's weird it's really freaking weird i don't think
i ever have it's the whole thing's on youtube uh fansubbed yeah it's just really freaking weird
and then also obviously the street fighter movie was was pure camp i mean people find things to
like about the street fighter movie like you know rawr julia owned it like you know he was
definitely like gina gershon his last role though he knew i know he knew exactly what movie that
was and he he lived it up you know what was it you know for me it was just tuesday it's just
you know and kylie minnow is as cami you know all the little you know yay yes um and uh yeah i mean
that movie was not yeah but like here's here's the weird part about that the street fighter
the movie or whatever then they have the chunk now i know you've forgotten but they had the chung
lee movie that came out oh you know i didn't forget about that i just wasn't that worse than
the street fighter movie like did it get worse it's like oh we're rebooting stream oh but how
did you make it worse but it is interesting how the internet and that whole campaign had this
impact and for and usually i don't support the internet anger campaigns right i just made fun
of the pokemon one right but like the one for sonic is the first time i can go wow that internet
hate campaign did some good like but that was accomplished with people saying you know not
sending death threats it was just like we don't support this we're not going to go see it because
it looks terrible not i want to kill you because you didn't do the thing i wanted you to do
that's the difference yes uh oh metal okay metal mayhem does have the okay here's the
bad video game movie ready male mayhem says the double dragon movie was a hundred percent pure
usd grade a ass yes it was pretty bad who's wow anyway all right i got the i got to see that as
a screener that was a long time ago and i was like oh i'm super excited then he watched it like not
set not excited anymore all right all right well there you go so there's our sonic movie discussion
now tiger claw stay tuned because sonic comes up again later in the show all right don't tune out
all right here we go but for now i want to move on to uh this announcement which um i think is
interesting uh on our last live episode two weeks ago we were talking about Blizzcon and Diablo 4
was one of the big announcements that came out of Blizzcon right well you remember when Diablo 3
first came out and it was kind of like not great i think people were turning to alternatives like
torchlight and another game that was free to play called path of exile and a path of exile
still going after all these years and you know has had several expansions and once again thanks
to discord this week it was brought to my attention that a path of exile 2 was announced
this week how convenient right on the heels of Diablo 4 being announced but what's interesting
so i didn't even know there was an exile con but apparently there is but they showed this launch
trailer for path of exile 2 which we're showing you a little bit of that on twitch here so you
can see some of the gameplay here after some of these cut scenes um but what's interesting about
it is a brand new seven act story uh that's 20 years after the events of the first game and i
have to admit when i was watching this uh trailer for the first time i was like well this looks an
awful lot like the original i mean not that it's a bad thing the original i've played path of exile
so it's a especially when you consider it's a fucking free game it's really good you know um
so i was like gosh this looks just like the original well here's the reason because path
of exile 2 it's not a new game it is essentially a expansion for the first game uh so when path
of exile 2 launches it's going to be the first game and the second game side by side uh that
then this new story will be seven acts long so yeah it's um it's not a new standalone title
and i think this is also interesting because i was kind of poking fun at overwatch 2 on our last show
going i'm not so sure overwatch 2 is a sequel as much as it is an expansion but okay you know okay
it still looks like it still looks like it'll be good enough and i think a lot of people will be
into it and now here we have path of exile 2 and they're just up front saying it's it's it's kind of
seven acts for the first game we're just branding it as path of exile 2 so i i mean but again this
whole series is free they make their money off of cosmetics and these expansions kind of like you
know uh you could say the same as uh fortnite chapter two sure yeah it's a new game but no
okay yeah really that's a great way to put it absolutely so um yeah so i'll check it out i
mean the price is certainly right i think i've dropped like a little bit of money on path of
exile just to kind of show my support but um path of exile is on what pc it's on playstation 4 and
xbox one i don't think it's on switch but um who knows maybe just a matter of time before it's there
so there you go path of exile 2 it's coming anyway uh moving on to a somewhat somber topic
dark sakura yeah i was very sad when i find out found out thanks rob well i thank our discord
once again because this was brought to my attention on discord and i was like oh that's sad
so onogi uh nobuki who was a namco composer and considered the father of video game music died
very recently at age 63 which i mean still pretty young that's pretty young he was born in 1956 in
chizuoka um and he was an engineering major from chiba university and he applied to namco in 1980
and he was just doing general programming stuff and they liked the end music he made for rally x
the high score music and they're like hey we want you to be our sound uh designer and he's like okay
and so thanks to him we had the soundtrack for mappy and he did um a lot of other work um
mostly though uh effects and programming work for the music but still the composition those
sounds in those early 80s namco games are iconic you know like you you hear those distinctive
sounds and you know like oh this is a product of the 80s but mappy was his first full uh
composition um he also did uh other games one called liberal rabble one called warp man and
metro cross um those were the ones that he did uh music composition in but other games that he
worked on start with warp warp rally new rally x galaga bosconian pole position pole position two
xevious uh the tower of druaga um mobile suit zeta gundam hot scramble uh wizardry um the quest of
key looking some others on here uh family circuit another wizardry game a couple wizardry games
the last one he did was family circuit 91 in 1991 so there you go um so
may his memory be a blessing and thank you for all of the good music
i'm trying to see what he actually died of have they just not said out of respect or what have
you yeah that is a very young age to pass so yeah i didn't say what exactly um but yeah okay well i
think um along that note let's move right into our classic game of the week because i think you're
going to tie it together a little bit tonight uh as uh usual dark soccer likes to jump into the
gaming vault uh every week and find a game that she thinks hey you guys should check this game
out this week and obviously it's no secret that this week's selection will be pretty timely with
this in mind also while we're in the classic game of the week segment for those of you that are
watching live on our twitch broadcast on sunday night we are going to open up the community gift
chest so if you would like to uh give if you are a twitch prime person and you want to put in some
gifts uh i believe tonight the giveaway is for league of legends team fight tactics it's a twin
egg and skin shard you can contribute to the pot there and uh when the segment is done we will
give those away to random viewers there so i think i've enabled it but if i haven't bobby blackwolf
will hopefully help me save the day here and turn that on for us here so we can donate to the
community chest while dark soccer takes a trip down memory lane with the classic game of the
week so dark soccer what did you pick for tonight's classic game of the week i picked a game that um
he was actually uncredited on for the soundtrack but it was little rabble
which um i mentioned earlier during the last story so it came out in 1983 it was a puzzler
that was put out in japan by namco and you basically take um two colored arrows one called
liberal the other rabble to wrap around pegs and surround small creatures called mushlins and you
have to harvest them by tying the ropes around them like you're cordoning them off it almost
gives me a slight little bit of a kicks vibe in some respects you know um but you also uncover
treasure as you go along so you can search through them and then you once you get the
right treasures you get a bonus stage and it had its own um software actually ran on i'm sorry
hardware it was called the namco liberal rabble uh hardware and i think it was like one of two
games that ran on it um but it was uh it was also called the namco system 16 universal which was an
8-bit arcade system um and it actually uh predated the sega 16 version so the name wasn't a rip or
anything and the only get yeah the only other game that ran on it was a game called toy pop
so uh and which is uh actually a multi-directional shooter game
so going back though um it did have a north american release planned but it got cancelled
its original incarnation was a game called potato and it was created by the pac-man creator
iwatani toru um and of course the music done by onogi um uh iwatani became a little bit too
overwhelmed with other projects that you know were going on at the time so it was passed on
to sato makoto um and who brought in the treasure chest concept and you know everything you know
other things that are built into the game like bonus stages and whatnot because it's considered
a little too simplistic can i just say i've never heard of this game before you selected it for the
game of the week and i'm getting kind of a kicks vibe from it yeah but like with like that strange
like kind of two-player element like there's one player oh really i believe it is that's what it
looks it looks like it's almost so that's really interesting this so it's one person kind of
controlling both little arrows i think so interesting i guess you could easily make it
two-player then but very interesting sorry i didn't mean to interrupt but i was just like
especially for those that you can't see the video i bet a lot of you probably haven't
heard of this game either and it's it's got this strange kicks meets gluclu land yeah because of
the pegs did you have to yeah because you're wrapping things around the pegs yeah and capturing
what's inside um well it's liberal l-i-b-b-l-e rabble r-a-b-b-l-e so some you know if you're
gonna look it up um at any rate though it was really praised for how unique the gameplay was
i haven't seen any other games exactly like this and it's considered a cult classic
it's bizarre but very addictive some people have said and one of the most unappreciated
namco games out there um there was a super famicom version that came out in 1994
and also home ports for the fm towns marty and the cherub x68000 both systems i've done
as classic systems um and the super famicom version had a cover for the d-pad so you could
yeah so you could use the twin stick gameplay also an early twin stick game i should add
um it was digitally re-released for the weaver's uh virtual console in 2009
um and yeah even um one of the sources that i looked up for research on this did a big
comparison with kicks um but at any rate you also have different enemies that try to
to stop you and of course you know they can put an end to your you know wrapping shenanigans
um but the whole point in the end is a is basically a corralling game
yyr is curious how you lose because um in this playthrough we're looking at they're doing very
well i think when your arrows i think it's your arrows getting hit hold on let me see
the player loses a life if any of the assorted critters touch one of the arrows or if he or
she runs out of time so the border is your timer and you can boost that time by looping more
mushrooms and plants you gain an extra life of forty thousand one hundred and twenty thousand
two hundred thousand four hundred thousand six hundred thousand and one million points by default
after the tenth season your counter will stop at nine your season counter will stop at 99
similar to how oh there he just lost a life because he ran into the yeah and king and balloons
will work the same way um so it was i mean like i said it was started the concept was started off
by the creator of pac-man um and he said that he conceptualized the game based on an experience he
added a crowded disco in the night in the 80s he said he envisioned himself using ropes to tie
people up and throwing them out of the way and you know it also had to do with some games he played
in his childhood and so they initially called it potato because namco was considering a tie-in
with a japanese potato chip manufacturer but that fell through and so um they actually had
to create new software for the game because it was had new graphical effects it was a pretty
big game for its time so they needed that dedicated hardware for it and like i said this
was passed on to satomakoto um and then after looking at the prototype sato said hey this is
too simple and so got the idea for using treasure chest and uncovering them by the apple 2 version
of wizardry so there you go and of course the music was done by orogi looks like a dragon in
that one this is this is a neat pick just because like this game it's kind of been erased from a lot
of people's memories and um i don't think it's been in any namco collection that i can think of
so we didn't get it in the us at all in any in any way although the soundtrack did get released
for itunes in 2011 oh i don't know about us um and i just quickly want to say some folks in
chat pointing out because you know we have a lot of music game fans in chat and namco's done a few
music games over the years like technic beat um orange right points out some people know this game
from the remix in that rhythm game of technic beat so you may have you know heard the song before
well and then the versions of it that came out at home the only one anyone in the us would have
a relatively easy chance of playing would have been the super famicom version yeah um because
the other systems that came out on were the fm towns marty and the x68000 which were both i mean
right now crazy expensive to to get i mean fuck i love one of either of those but um
but you know it's not on systems that were easy for an american to get a hold of so well i i i
doubt anyone from namco listens to this show but on the off chance maybe somebody does i think it
would be great um you know especially when you consider that you know you know nobody just passed
that maybe we could get some of these games on a modern maybe like ant stream is something that
would be like perfect for something like this where we could kind of revisit some of these
old games and you know learn a little more about them experience the soundtrack you know what else
this makes me think of and you're gonna probably laugh about it what's that the uh lasso tool in
photoshop a little bit because you know how you can click it around and the corral doesn't close
up until you join the lines yeah that's how the freaking lasso tool works except you have to hit
the anchor point but still all right great pick for the classic game of the week so uh for those
listening live we're going to give about 30 more seconds if anyone wants to make any last
contributions there to the gift box and then i'm going to ask bobby to um uh end that and uh divvy
out the gifts it's like an early christmas after all um you know the christmas decorations are
already going up even though thanksgiving is already music i'm already sick please tell me
i'm not the only one that's heard okay so there's this meme going around and last week it was toad
singing sia's chandelier and it's just that really like high-pitched screech that
like it's just really like annoying but today i saw one that was mariah carrey's all i want
for christmas done by toad which i refuse to listen to you need to because the toad version
because i like cried from laughing so hard it was i am avoiding the mariah apocalypse
i have not heard the song in two years because oh are you are you playing the um what is it the
wam apocalypse where like you have to avoid last uh george michaels the wamageddon the wamageddon
that's it i don't mind the wam song i fucking hate i actually can't stand mariah carrey because all
of her fucking songs are like i need a man to be happy bitch you don't you're rich you don't need
a man to be happy what about like obsessed she sings about a man who needs to leave the fuck
alone no it's still about a man just be happy you should mariah needs to go i will have respect
for mariah if she goes out a song that says bitch i'm rich i don't fucking need you i kind of
figured that was gratitude anyway i just i want her to do a song called bitch i'm rich all right
anyhow uh let's move on and get into some rapid fire news we're gonna travel quickly around the
industry and check out some other headlines from uh this week loki so there's this pretty awesome
game that was made within dreams um so the the game is um it's very much like wipeout they called
it i'm trying to remember what it was called in here it wasn't wipeout it was like um slide out
3019 but it's very much like a wipeout game and it's fully playable in dreams i didn't realize
apparently dreams early access is a thing that you can purchase right now for 2099 or 29.99 and
you can actually play these games and make stuff i might get in on that actually because i i know
the full game's not out yet but i didn't realize that they had i know i thought it was like a beta
thing that you had to get into but apparently it is something they have been selling since april
so i see so i i may have to check that out but um yeah if you have dreams definitely check that out
because it looks pretty awesome and it's just impressive the amount of things that you can make
in dreams and the quality of just the gameplay the graphics the sound everything is just crazy um
and then they go along with that is a brand new mod for super mario 64 called super mario 64 land
it is a brand new uh fan-made game that's already on adds uh new levels new bosses and new power-ups
and new music and you can check it out uh they have it available um i believe it's linked in
the guy the developer's video well as as no it's been taken down of course nintendo lawyers shut
that shit down they got cnd a week ago of course really because i thought i just downloaded okay
well maybe not all right i might be thinking of another one but i think i saw this like a couple
weeks ago and it already got cnd no it's not it's out there still it may be like one link versus
another link but anyway well once on the internet always on the internet right so yeah so uh kazi
um amanor uh on youtube they have a video it's linked in the description there so it is still
out there i just checked uh but you can patch your original nintendo 64 rom to play the game
it looks pretty awesome it has all the different powers from super mario uh 3d land so so pretty
sweet that's it all right well moving on to talk about tetris effect a game that i hope a lot of
you checked out on playstation 4 because it's great but there's actually a playstation 4 dynamic
theme that is actually up on the store that you can check out it's actually based off metamorphosis
in tetris effect so you can actually get this theme for your playstation 4 if you want to go
like full in on tetris effect yes and so it's i mean and obviously what a tetris effect strong
point is those very immersive themes didn't come with a theme when you bought the game because i
swear i have a tetris effect theme right now on mine i think it might have but this one is now
free so if it if it's not there if it is this one then this is now free for everybody but i think
it's a different one it may be a different one anyhow um i know some folks are looking forward
to the witcher series it's coming out on netflix i don't know how many guys i know everybody's
talking about disney plus he looks he looks like the character now there's still some things to get
excited about on netflix i think the witcher is one of them uh again it's based on the books not
on the game because the game was based on the books too but obviously there will still be some
similarities and uh if you are um you know kind of wondering like you know is this just going to be
a one and done type of thing the answer is no uh it was already unveiled that there is going to be
a season two of witcher on the way to netflix so not very often that shows get greenlit for a
second season before the first is already debuted but the buzz for this must be really really good
speaking of games based on book series i wonder if they're ever going to adapt
uh metro into um a show because i know those games are pretty awesome based on
that book series as well so well there's what seven or eight different subscription
television services now so there's plenty of places somebody's looking for something yeah right
yeah anyhow let's move on to dark sakura wheel um shovel knight there's new shovel knight stuff
happening um the uh developer yacht club uh said that shovel knight king of cards and shovel knight
showdown will both come out on december 10th um the first is a bonus campaign for the original
and the second is a multiplayer fighting game spin-off it was supposed to come out last april
but it is coming out in december so yay i didn't mean for that to sound as squeaky as it did i'm
losing my voice and so konami has applied for a new trademark for goemon as in the mystical ninja
um and it says game program and game software which the last one that came out was uh goemon
uh took idochu um which came out in 2005 for the nintendo ds i can't wait for that going on
pachi slot machines gonna be awesome this is game program and software which i think if they
if they're putting a trademark for pachi slot it has to be labeled as such so if i remember
correctly well i mean you know we had a castlevania collection that did pretty well not to say it
would necessarily be just a goemon collection because we also had a new bomber man game that
did pretty well so anything's possible i suppose yes all right and um like yeah those were all
right did i think i closed my other one no that was it okay shovel knight in the goemon so i just
like i completely i guess went over my brain doing shovel knight all good we are going to move on to
release dates we're going to travel around the world and check out what games are coming out to
a store or shelf near you soon uh or what's like i don't know if there's not much we've kind of
the fourth quarter rush is kind of over um so this week we only have a few things although
there are some notable stuff so football manager 2020 we've got that coming out on pc ios and
android not fake football but real football right um and then we have shinmu 3 coming out on pc and
playstation 4 it's kind of a big deal that is and oh finally yes and last but not least sniper ghost
warrior contracts on pc playstation 4 and xbox one are you going to check out shinmu 3 dark
sakura we didn't even finish shinmu 2 well i mean i would assume it's been so long that you probably
don't have to have finished the first two games we'll see yeah i'm i have a lot of curiosity about
it that's for sure anyway shinmu 3 also coming out in japan same date as the rest of the world
uh as far as other releases this week in japan on the 21st we have demo reborn is coming out
um as well as sonic force is getting a price reduction i think the same thing is happening
with blaze blue uh cross tag battle so we're seeing some price reductions over in japan just
in time for the holidays even though the holidays are a little bit different over there um but we
also have on the nintendo switch we have that same blaze blue cross tag battle but we also get the
localized version of lego jurassic world comes out in japan this week woohoo and diablo leak lovers
grand edition for a nintendo switch both in a regular and limited edition package um there's
also a deluxe edition version of mutant year zero road to eden coming out and uh there's actually
gosh uh one more game actually because everything else here is for a different region but bukura no
keshigomu otoshi plus sports shed shed set excuse me is coming out as well which looks to be actually
funny enough i was just kind of like boohooing about no clubhouse games type of thing on the
switch from nintendo this actually kind of looks to be kind of like it's like tabletop type of
games um but it looks like you're like building cars and building like little soccer things so
it's like you like build these little creations and then play like ping pong type of games and
racing games and things with them so it kind of looks kind of interesting like a build it and
play it type of game so it looks kind of neat so i wonder if we have a localized version of that
here i don't think we do it doesn't look familiar to me how about uh europe dark soccer quite a few
things actually we have football manager 2020 vr ping pong pro shen mu 3 um those are all on the
18th um on the 20th we have a sniper ghost warrior uh contracts asterix and obelix we have blaze blue
cross tag battle special edition on the 21st civ 6 on the 21st for playstation and xbox um new
super lucky's tale on the 21st ghost parade uh train sim world collectors edition
zumba burn it up and uh children of morta all of the 21st
all right das yet great well we're gonna move on and check the email i don't know why the chatters
the chatters are hearing thumping was somebody thumping the mic just be careful no but i was
something the bass all right anyway well i mean thank that part that party shut up right when our
show started yeah good and it wasn't it wasn't the same neighbors apparently i have two neighbors that
like to party i was about to go in your backyard and just scream i know i know you were anyway
i'd do it too well i'm glad the thumbing's gone sorry guys uh but moving on let's get into our
email bag so every week you guys uh email us participate at orangelandtrader.com and we read
our favorite emails here on the show so apparently we have one uno one uno mail um do you believe the
success of nintendo switch will push back against the trend of 60 gigabyte online required games
also bought super multitasking robert m
no i do not believe it will do that first off why are your us a quarter just kidding no that's
great i'm glad i'm glad uh why we are his appearance on the last show got some uh coverage
for super multitasking that's great um the 60 gig trend is the success of the nintendo switch gonna
reverse that uh i'm gonna give a nice big hearty note of that they're gonna get bigger but
nintendo's gonna keep doing nintendo's thing uh i'm kind of with you i actually also would say
nintendo is kind of not immune to these gigantic downloads i mean they are smaller because the
system doesn't necessarily handle full 1080p or what have you or have the onboard storage as a
store 16 gigs correct but well i was gonna say wasn't like xenoblade chronicles 2 like a pretty
gigantic gals at least 20 if not 30 gigs so i don't i don't i wouldn't say just because the
nintendo switch is smaller doesn't mean that they don't have gigantic games that exist on it so uh
and the witcher like didn't the witcher have to download that was a huge download as well
on switch so i and overwatch has to do that i don't see nba 2k also had like a thing yeah i
don't think uh i don't think the nintendo switch is really immune to this and it's it's not i i
no it's not gonna change there's always going to be the small indie hits such as super multitasking
is a great example there you know that's a much smaller game not even one gig uh for that game
you know sometimes good things can come in smaller sizes um but i think you know as we get into the
next generation of games when we talk about playstation 5 and we talk about the next xbox
you know it's going to be about bigger better graphics 4k more bigger more frames a second
virtual reality games are only going to get bigger yo unless streaming and the cloud can make up for
some of that which i think is especially going to happen on the xbox side of things we have yet to
see what might happen on sony side of things so um to be determined when we know more about the
system on how the data will work there uh but i i just think the games are going to get bigger
um if not incorporating more streaming or something like that well one of the things
we didn't talk about uh which was the story that happened last week as well was that patent that
they had for sony about a cartridge for possibly a playstation oh interesting because we do know
that solid state drive is where it's going to so could could they just be selling games that
are on little hard drives yeah like uh it could be i mean like it could be solid state drives or like
you know nvms or something like that just inside some sort of cartridge shell huh it's like the
modern day zip disk except much faster yes yes much faster those are actual discs still it's true
it's true so interesting i'll be i'll be very curious to see where that goes again we don't
know until sony you know pulls back the curtain completely and shows us what the but wouldn't that
be something if the sony the company that was kind of responsible in many ways for shifting the
industry to cd-based stuff you know and then dv and it still could be both could yeah it's true
it could be both and it may pull us back towards cartridge well the switch i guess is going to a
cartridge format but but still it'll be it'll be very interesting to see um how that goes yeah so
all right well um moving on then if that was it for our email bag we encourage you to email us
in a future week participate at orange lounge radio.com in the meantime loki what do we have
in gaming news so there is a brand new feature that's being added to the xbox one it's basically
like a shuffle button or a new surprise me button is added to the xbox one uh game library i don't
know what i want to play pick for me pretty much that's exactly what it is uh it says the button
doesn't automatically launch a game but um it will basically do like a roulette and pick a game
for you misfortune turn turn turn show us a lesson that we should learn so it's like you know neat
i guess but yeah it'll just kind of at random um pick something out for you that would be if i
think that's going to be fun for streamers okay well it doesn't actually do like a roulette thing
but it'll actually pick up okay here's a game you know and you pick the option and you're like
oh i don't want that and then you can do something else yeah but that's that's still going to be a fun
thing for streamers i think or it's like you know i'm i need that for steam microsoft pit you need
that for steam yeah yeah i'm kind of surprised there's got to be like a plug-in or a mod or
something that somebody well they're supposed to with the the redesign of their uh ui they're
supposed to be doing some sort of um thing where it's supposed to show you games you haven't
they're in your backlog they haven't played in a little while or ever which is most of mine yeah
i think i think this is a fun idea especially when you're like i don't know what i want to play
pick for me or like for games pass or something yeah especially if it's especially if it's like
stuff that's already installed on my end i don't have to i don't have to wait it's like press the
button it's like hey did you remember that you purchased uh kingdom hearts 3 a while ago but
you had never played it no i completely forgot about that i purchased kingdom hearts 3 and would
you like to see the value of your sixty dollar video no
is that what you've wasted i'm purchasing games you'll never play
remember all those deals that you thought that you just couldn't pass up that ten dollar ea game well
you played none of them i would like to see you know a nintendo use this on their uh classics
library you know hopefully it gets bigger although come to think of it nintendo hasn't
expanded than i was just gonna say that the so have we gotten any new snes or nes classics
nope nope nope it's been a couple months but nope nothing yet so wait for that next direct i guess
i'm just not holding my breath anymore for them i that's probably a good call i would think there's
still plenty of room to expand on the super nintendo side but we'll see we'll see anyway
uh moving on let's talk about pokemon go uh related uh news and this is actually a really
big deal so niantic wayfarer actually opened up this week uh this used to be operation portal
recon which was niantic's version of uh adding new portals or places of interest for the ingress
player base what's very notable about this is that you don't have to play ingress anymore if you want
access to this so now if you have a pokemon go account that's level 40 i was about to say level
40 or higher but level 40 is as high as you can go so if you have a level 40 pokemon go account you
now have access to niantic wayfarer and you can submit places of interest uh you can submit i
think seven in a rolling two-week period or you can also review other submissions that people
have submitted and mine is still pending from may wow well give it and i did even did that upgrade
next whatever the hell that did nothing well give it a few more days because now the pokemon go
players are they're reviewing things and i'm seeing more stuff get processed pretty quickly
i've had two new things added just in the past week um so we'll see so i got a brand new pokey
stop by work and i got a brand new pokey stop um where i guess i can say it where the mongolian
barbecue place is here there's now a pokey stop there because there's a church a strip mall church
right next door to it ah convenient mongolian barbecue sounds good i know it's it's that place
that looks like it hasn't changed since the 1970s yeah yeah so anyway uh but yeah now folks can
submit their own stops and i i think people are pretty excited about that granted as an ingress
player because ingress is very pvp heavy i've had my reservations about this but i also realized
that there's a big backlog of submissions on the ingress side of things because unfortunately
clearly there is faction bias coming into play absolutely uh which is stupid and uh something
needs to be done about it so if pokemon go players can come in and help break the tie
faction bias like do they see which faction you are if you're voting on it i will tell you i have
submitted things in this area where i live and i know that the opposing team sees that it's in
this area knows that it's near me and denies it based on that so i i've seen i've seen and i've
seen people on our side do it too i've seen the criteria applied a little stricter when a portal
pops up on burnin and riverside over in roseville than maybe when it does well not so much anymore
but maybe a couple years ago like you know i would just not to say they just the criteria will be a
little more stringent so i think there is sometimes a little more affection bias that comes into play
um and i think uh the pokemon go players are going to help break that tie a little bit my hope though
is that because ingress is very player versus player those little libraries on people's lawns
better not fucking become places of interest everywhere you know it's fine if it's in a park
or in a church parking lot because those are public accessible things but you know like private places
need to not become portals and stuff and they really shouldn't be pokey stops or jimmies
gyms either just because you want one on your couch um so hopefully it's going to take a
consensus of the players from both games to get things added and i think at the end of the day
that'll be a good thing if that's the case so anyway i just have a news flash by the way what's
that you know how i've been waiting for detroit to become human to be out on uh pc oh is it now
release date december 31st oh oh the new year's new year's eve present to yourself how about that
yeah i just thought i would make a mention yeah so anyway uh yeah so sj100 matt says pokemon go
players on my discord from my local area have been buying large sculptures for their front lawns
to make it into pokey stops they should save their fucking money because any ingress player
especially is that who has is in our chat and i know has reviewed at least 10 000 portal
submissions how many is that are you at right now um the minute you see that that's on private
property deny and i do the same thing if it's if it's in a residential neighborhood and on private
property i mean if it's a park in a residential neighborhood obviously that's okay if it's a
mural for a church that's like interest i mean as long as you know i'll look at google maps to make
sure it's denoted as a church and things like that but for the most part if it's in a residential
neighborhood we're fucking denying it like because that's not a valid place and i'm not creeping in
my car at 2 a.m to throw a blocker for somebody's front lawn and whoever you know you might think
that's a good idea until that ex raid shows up at your house and then you know everybody's there
that's gonna be a bad idea so if you think buying a sculpture for your front lawn is a good idea
don't what is a good idea let's say you live in a really underrepresented part of the nation like
a rural part of the country or you live in a country that you know is really poorly
represented with stops like mexico or you know most of central america and south america for
heaven's sake then the park your public park nearby the sign should be a portal the playground
structure should be a portal if there's like a community garden that should be a portal
uh you know all that stuff submit them submit them all because they're all valid um basketball
courts horseshoe places all that stuff should be fine but they should be at public places of
interest not your fucking toilet so no pooping stops unless it is a park restroom all right
anyhow uh azet by the way in our chat room has reviewed 17 835 so we we she's she's pretty
infamous can you review my place it's been there since may you might need to send a support to
especially if you've had it upgraded you should send a support ticket going there's still no
resolution i upgraded that months ago that's that's weird that it's still in the system so
all right anyway i'll be curious to see how this plays out by the way this is a chance for me to
give a cheap shout out for the pokemon go podcast um i was a guest on their most recent episode this
week which i think should have hit their podcast feed today if it didn't hit the feed today then
it will probably go up tomorrow and i'm actually very much professionally pulling up because it
was live on thursday but i think it's a few days days late oh yes there it is it went up today
so episode 173 of the pokemon go podcast i'm actually on it so i urge you all to check it out
and listen to it um and i talk about like ingress and all that stuff as well so check that out
so all right uh thank you to the pokemon go podcast and to uh joe over there for having me
on this week charles had the week off so it was just joe and i um on the show but we had a good
time so all right uh pod culture says what if you can hit a pokey stop from your shitter um if you
are if you happen to live like i think in your case i can't at work yeah in your case brad you
live across the street from a park you've said this so you're just in range then that's fine
you you luck the fuck out congratulations um and i know somebody else who lives in an apartment
complex where there's like a community building and the community building is a thing and they
can reach it from a certain part of their apartment so yeah so it happens you know you could
just consider yourself lucky you happen to live by a major point of interest good job all right
moving on uh let's get into uh dark sakura one of your favorite devs has something going on and
i'm trying to buy it except sites being stupid with my card number so anyway um so a game that
i have been pretty excited about coming out is whatom as in what um um it is by the creator of
katamari damashi um takashi kata and um it's got a release date december 17th and right now um on
the epic game store it is about 17 bucks so super discounted um but it's going to be on ps4 and pc
there's going to be a steam release at an unannounced date but basically you're a cube
shaped mayor person trying to get your weird townsfolk to get over their weird shit and help
each other out like including getting a balloon to get over its sphere of heights so um yeah play
a nice game that makes people play nice together be the weird cube mayor with a bowler hat have a
friend that's a poo and a fork what nothing i'm looking at chat for something else but um i i'm
interested in this game for sure i want to check it out i have to play the shit out of this weirdness
yeah because i like to nobi nobi boy yeah anyway i hate to go back to the pokemon go thing but
chatters chatters they get to say and matt found a statue that somebody put on their fucking lawn
just to try to get a pokestop and it is an ugly ass dog person and i i'm sorry guys i wish i could
put this on the twitch feed for you to see but you can see it in chat like matt just posted it there
it is this ugly ass dog thing that looks like i mean that thing looks like it's like eight feet
tall where the fuck did he find this and they went and as that says that's a humongous waste
of money i agree because here's the thing here's the problem and again i'm very sorry but i mean
for the podcast listeners anyway you're not going to have the visual so i'm going to explain this
the best i can i'm going to explain this as a reviewer and i'm going to explain why i would
ding this portal because here's the problem you can very clearly see there's a sidewalk
there right and then you see a bunch of like rocks that make that pronounce the sidewalk
the problem is this statue is behind the rock and you know what that says to me this is on the
property because that makes up like what the property line is this statue is on the property
therefore it is private property therefore it is denied and i think as that would be on the
same page with me well that's why is that would say that's a humongous waste of money now if that
thing was in a public park or if that thing existed on the other side of the sidewalk
which i'm not telling this person to just move it there temporarily because the minute that thing is
gone it should get reported as gone and it would be removed anyway but if that was the type of
thing that existed permanently on the other side of the sidewalk as long as there was 24 7 access
safely to it it might it might be more because i don't know i'd have to weigh in a lot of different
factors into that but um yeah i mean one star reject private property like as that says and
you can clearly see the sculpture is on the private property so it's also really i'm telling
you what i mean i know a lot of the pokemon go players think us ingress reviewers are assholes
and you're right but i'm a fan of both games i'm level 40 in pokemon go and i'm level 16 in ingress
and let me tell you having a pokestop on your couch is not everything it's cracked up to be
you really have to think about what you are inviting to that because you're not just inviting
a pokestop for you to spin when you're pooping you're inviting a portal for people to battle on
you're inviting possibly a harry potter knowledge thing and in you're inviting all that shit onto
your lawn you know and who knows what other games niantic might release in the future so think
before you do something like this so yeah and as that says i promise you do not want to couch stop
yeah anyway all right thank you sj100 matt says he'll post a link to the picture in the podcast
episode comments so you guys can see that over at vog network.com thank you thank you so much for
that i appreciate that okay let's move on sorry i know we got a little off topic but i'm sorry
it's bizarre somebody bought an eight foot ugly ass dog person statue just to get a pokemon stop
on their pooper like it's wow wow or they just i don't know i don't know if they bought it just
for that but you know oh maybe they just thought it was a pretty maybe they're just like uh they
just you know you know i just like y'all that really desperately want these pokemon stops on
your house humor me for a minute the point of these games is to walk
now or i guess you could drive but really walking's best or biking biking's great
bike team best team right so the point of these games is to walk so maybe it's okay
that you walk to your park and get this even rural towns have parks anyway okay i've had my piece
tweet me if you don't like it mr rob roberts on twitter all right uh let's move on loki you have
something else to talk about yes so uh the game awards will be streamed to participating
cinemark theaters on december 12th and along with that apparently if you buy the 20 ticket you also
get treated to jumanji the next level that movie will be showing right before the game awards
okay i guess i guess if you're really interested in seeing that um so that's technically a day
earlier you get a special treat to see that movie or suffer through it and watch the game awards um
so yeah so it starts at 445 central and then the game awards or it's starting at 7 30 p.m central
god does i hope that movie is not that long um yeah i don't know i don't know if i'd i would
not want to do this i certainly wouldn't go to the jumanji thing it's on thursday i really don't
need to go i'll just i'll watch it on my phone like i do every year and when i watch i mean
i may catch the trailers after it's done yeah i mean i think jeff's done a much better job
crafting a decent game award show who are they giving the lifetime award to this year do we know
i don't know that was the best part of it when they gave it to roberta williams that was the
year i watched um but i didn't watch last year so anyway um but i'm curious who they're going
to get lifetime thing too this year um i don't think i would go watch it trapped in a movie
theater i like watching it in the comfort of my home with fast forward but i was just thinking
while you're kind of talking about this like oh we you know microsoft just had a big event where
they showed all these trailers we don't have anything like that from sony or nintendo and
then i'm thinking oh those guys tend to do stuff with game awards huh do you think maybe that's why
microsoft said some stuff and not to say microsoft won't have anything but do you think that maybe
like sony and nintendo especially are saving some things for the game awards i don't know we'll see
maybe it'll be another death straining trailer interesting no death straining too all right
all right uh anyway moving on to one more story here and i apologize i don't have video of this
i ran out of time but i did pull this from um our uh discord as well and apparently you know
the sonic the hedgehog part three the soundtrack saga in that game where michael jackson kind of
ghost wrote some of the uh songs or at least that they replaced a bunch of tracks for later releases
yeah exactly well apparently some of the game archive folks out there namely the websites the
hidden palace and the cutting room floor um apparently have found prototypes of um sonic
the hedgehog cd sonic chaos which was an 8-bit game and then prototypes of sonic the hedgehog 2
but the final release of the month of their sonic prototypes a pre-release version of sonic the
hedgehog 3 it was a prototype dated november 3rd 1993 and the game is still in the early process
of being uh in two parts so some of the parts that are with sonic and knuckles sonic and knuckles are
you know kind of not all done yet but anyway uh apparently some of the music in this game is
different some of the experiments in the game uh there's different commands like a ring throwing
projectile attack uh an aerial spin dash uh buffer that kind of looks like sonic mania's drop dash
and of course some of the uh musical changes as well um sega had announced michael jackson as a
composer but then quickly pulled that announcement probably because of what was going on in
courtrooms around the same time um and um yeah apparently in this uh version of it uh there's
replacement tunes uh that were in fact the original tunes that were in by sega and swapped
out for jackson's stuff like carnival night zone ice cap zone launch based zone and knuckles theme
the versus mode jingle and so forth those songs were originally composed tunes that michael
jackson's tracks replaced so interesting so a lot of uh a lot of replacing changing last minute
stuff going on with sonic 3 that this prototype is just adding along to the drama with so it does
show where those replacement tracks came from so yeah no i i freaking love sonic stuff so yeah
yeah um but i liked you know despite all the controversy around michael jackson you know the
music being the music um i thought some of the stuff that you know was there was really good so
pretty cool anyway uh dr c says the alternate cuts are up on youtube of course everybody's gone to
town on this you can check out those game archive websites as well if you want to see a little more
on the missing sonic 3 um sj100 matt is pointing out um i will say the church's song and death
stranding is fantastic it really is the church's i i the death stranding full soundtrack should be
out now huh i wonder if there's other good songs in it are there any other like yeah
um the whole thing's on apple music right now okay so that means spotify pandora all the places have
it so i don't know about the others because i remembered there's being something about
like a limited well spotify had the church's things i don't see why they wouldn't yeah yeah
the whole the whole album is on apple music oh okay i want to check that out that's pretty cool
did it did you did you like the church's song did you like that because it's the ending credits
song right um it actually there's a song that plays in the game too while it's there
um the video i watched had to cut part of it out for for licensing oh interesting huh i'm gonna
go ahead and also go completely off the cuff here and say the mustang mock e is ugly as balls and
doesn't look like a fucking that is completely off the cuffs that's all right i'm just saying i had i
was like i was getting mustang stuff for dan it's fine it's fine all right well we are about to the
part of the show where we're gonna uh open up our discord for some telephone calls so if you
want to get in on the show tonight you can join our green room and we'll head over there or if
you have general questions you want to ask us as well you can um you can uh ask those in chat as
well do you have any last minute stories for us loki while we get set up there's a weird issue
with pokemon sword and shield that apparently is crashing roku devices connected to the network
that it's being played on something has to do with the packets that the game is sending back
and forth um are crashing those devices connected to your network which is weird i also they also
had another issue with your um sd cards getting corrupted too so the game's got all sorts of
problems apparently the sd card thing is getting blown way out of proportion like somebody did
a breakdown about that it's it's more of a bug than it is something that's like affecting like
tons of people and you have to do a very specific thing for that to happen yeah so but social media
kind of spread that like wildfire but anyway let's go to the phones because you're ready to
talk some pokemon because i see who's calling in right now so um hi shane are you there on the line
yes hi how are you i am good i just beat pokemon shield actually while you guys were doing your
show you beat pokemon shield yes i'm but you know oh go on sorry how many hours
i think it said like 38 okay um and in my little pokemon group i have uh i'm only like the
fourth or fifth one to beat it so i was pretty slow compared to other people and you've been
you've been playing some long hours on this game right yes and no so for the first day i played
10 hours straight i guess that first night i redid my sleep schedule it's been awful
um but then this weekend i've been doing like burst playing um because you know i was hanging
out with dustin since the weekend and he's off work and he also got the new star wars games so
we were watching him play that and stuff so yeah um all right into it i'm sure the people that have
been listening to orange on radio for a long time and know what a fan of pokemon you are really want
to know what's your take how does pokemon sword and shield measure up is it worthy of being
generation eight uh or did game freak lie okay so it it's so hard to to say this because it's only
been out for three days um and i'm still doing the post game stuff there's post game stuff of course
and um i am very comfortable at least saying that it is really close to gen 5 in terms of my
favorite like pokemon game it has the potential actually to surpass it for me and this was a lot
better experience than i could have possibly thought it was going to be that's a pretty heavy
endorsement why do you think why do you think this game is winning for you in that regard like
what is this bringing to the table for you so i think the main things for me that make this
such an enjoyable experience um i feel like the story is pretty focused especially for a pokemon
game um it's it's almost split into two parts but the main part the whole um gym challenges that you
do for this you know basically sporting event style uh um pokemon league it's it's actually
really good i thought it was probably the best direction they've ever taken with doing gyms and
all the badge stuff um and then the side story that's going on is is pretty entertaining um at
least it's interesting i'm not sure entertaining is the right word but i didn't ever feel like
there was a dull moment so all that is great um the gym is pretty great i don't know if you heard
me say that earlier in the show it's so good yeah yeah it's pretty great actually the music as a
whole is really good in this game which which track did toby fox do do we know uh it definitely
doesn't play during the main story so it's after you beat it um what else so i am okay with the
culling of the decks i think it actually worked out to its advantage um even though my favorite's
gone like i love oshawott it's my favorite pokemon in the world it's not in this game
oh well like all i would have done is brought it in to breed it to make it shiny that's literally
literally like the only thing i do with old pokemon that aren't in the decks um what else
wants to know your favorite pokemon from this gen oh god okay so there are so many good ones
i can give you a top three but i can't put them in an order so ice q which is a an adorable ice
penguin i love him i thought he was stupid at first and he actually like really helped out my
team toxtricity which is electric and poison type and like it has two forms and one's like
a bass guitar type uh player and the other is like someone straight up gives you one of those
right i think i just got yeah the the pre-evolution toxel so yeah um and then finally
intellion uh which i'm sorry it's three days after the game and you've seen pictures by
now it's the water starter final evo okay so those are my top three um what do you think of
the wide open area the uh wild zone i actually like it but probably not for the reasons they
really want us to like it um it chugs if you're online which kind of sucks the frame rate drops
considerably when other people are in that same area as you and that's okay whatever um i you
know it's cool to see all the pokemon walk around i actually prefer them on the routes rather than
the wild area because i'm just trying to maneuver in the wild area to get to different places but
the max raid battles are the best thing this game has done in a long long time doing four player
co-op oh me and my little group of pokemon friends we did it for hours last night um it's just
so much fun yeah i actually tapping on a screen like over and over i think those raids are are
part of the strength of uh this this particular gen of pokemon as well and i it does i mean whether
y'all agree with me or not it really feels kind of inspired by pokemon go in a way you know that
idea of like teaming up to take on a big uh gigantic version of a pokemon that then scales
down to something you can catch like that does feel like it was inspired by pokemon go one
bummer about it and i think this is just i'll blame gamefreak and nintendo is the lack of
being able to communicate with the random players you're paired with or not paired with but if they
join your um your lobby to fight the pokemon because for example last night i got into a raid
for a pokemon that was the gigantamax form which is much more rare to find and they're really cool
and so it was a fire bug type so three of us took you know great counters for it i took intellion
i think somebody else took intellion and somebody took something else the fourth person took
score bunny's final evolution and score bunny is fire type and the pokemon we fought was fire and
bug plus it had an ability that every time it would get hit by a fire move it would get uh like
a attack increase and so this one player not only was using fire moves but they also dynamax their
pokemon and only one person gets to do that and so like it was a waste of our entire collective time
because of that one person vg realness and chat says it was probably a kid they probably didn't
know but like yeah and you you would have liked a way to like wave a flag and say try something
else like please yeah or like some appropriate counter yeah or some like preset chat options
that say like hey uh let me dynamax or something so before that person did it they you know wouldn't
dynamax or quit using fire the fire moves thing was what really actually made me mad because it
literally says when you hit it with it like a thing pops up with its ability and it just
increases their attack or whatever and they kept doing it over and over yeah even whatever even
a canned message that says try a water type pokemon or something probably would have been
better right yeah um but otherwise i think those are mostly implemented very well and it is kind
of a bummer that i feel like they will not be back in whatever comes after this i think this
is going to stay kind of standard to just sword and shield no matter how much we all say it's
amazing um let me ask you i want to ask you some other bits of the controversy well what's what's
your whole take on the the wave against this game on twitter and what you know the the the fact that
people are going so far as to attack ign for a good review when they attacked ign for a bad review
uh and then uh are attacking sarahb.net of all places which blew my mind when those guys work
for virtually nothing um i think they're just whiny idiots to put it like the nicest way possible
uh there's really no need to do something like that i feel like if you have the time to
make death threats and write reviews to bomb metacritic with you know negative reviews
uh you could be doing something much more productive and it really shows how sad your life
is yeah and if you if you don't like it which folks out there have every right to not like this
game or not want this game don't buy it don't buy it exactly like that yeah the bottom line is
nothing will send a stronger message than not buying the game but yeah the thing that blows my
the thing that blows my mind is everybody on there complaining and then they they buy it anyway
yeah and like what you can be mad about certain things uh that they cut or that they change
and that's cool be mad about it it's you're right but when you start like throwing a fit
over positive reviews that i don't know do you not see how sad you are at that point
uh just it blows me away um so what else would i what else would i ask about this oh let me
one other take on the um controversy out there would be the whole like the game was rushed do
you think that maybe because even i'm kind of thinking like well i mean optimization wise
i could make a case for maybe this game maybe wasn't totally ready for the holiday but it was
kind of one of those it nintendo needed something for the holiday so they made it happen um and i
you know again i think the game came out fine but i definitely like we're talking about the wild
area kind of it kind of gets a little yucky and maybe needed a little more optimization um do you
think the game was rushed do you think more time would have helped this game or what i think that's
the case for every game that comes out um i think if they had more time they could have added more
pokemon they could have done whatever but i don't think we're we've been given an inferior product
i don't think that delaying it an extra you know month would have really made that big a difference
um i think it's i i don't think gamefreak's a great developer to begin with just technically
they do a lot of cool things but their games are always behind in some way and i didn't expect this
game to show me that they were like on the level of the developers uh nintendo's internal team for
like mario odyssey or anything like that but i wouldn't say this was rushed this feels complete
and awesome and like i said earlier what we were given is dangerously pushing up against my
favorite pokemon generation in terms of how much i like it now my last question for you and arguably
the most important question for you shane how many shinies do you have so far zero i okay so
no i no i agree um there's a couple things about that though like i have not really looked up
how shiny hunting is in this game so i don't know much about it yet and i don't have my shiny charm
which i i want i always like having that when it's available in the game so that's going to be an
after i beat everything and i'm ready to you know just kind of chill with my pokemon game
now granted with the addition of all the multiplayer content i feel like shiny hunting
while i love it a whole bunch i'm gonna get distracted like by oh look somebody is connecting
to a raid i really want to do i better hop in that lobby and do it as well um and that's
something i didn't touch on it took me eight hours to get to the first gym because i fell down this
hole of just wanting to do max raid battles and just i kept going and going i was having so much
fun yeah that that's how all my my friends that were playing passed me because i just i couldn't
stop you get all that xp candy yes that's a hundred percent true and it helps it helps so
much especially like for example i picked up um ice cube towards the end and he was severely
under leveled compared to what i already had with me so i was like here have some candies and he
shot up to uh like he actually surpassed he's my strongest pokemon now in terms of level at
least or my highest level not strongest it's pretty weak i just yeah like it's great you
know the terms better than i do but that little turtle that little blue turtle thing so i i don't
know the name of it but it's like a water pokemon oh wait wait chudel or dreadnaw okay so i just
put him in my party so because i just beat the water gym i took um i took something out of my
party that was strong against water um it must have been a grass maybe it was gossip floor i
think i yeah i think i had gospel in my party so i took gospel out and i put chudel in but
chudel was like level 15 where the rest of my party was like level 21 so i fed wait you took
you took chudel to the water gym to fight in the water no no no no no no chudel was in the box
while gossip floor oh okay and then wait really quick before you continue that story that's
another amazing thing that you can change your pokemon almost like 99 on the fly when you're not
in a battle yeah but you can't when you do gyms you can't run out and heal up like you used to do
in the old games and the game does let you heal up a lot like there's a lot of npc's they'll just
be like i'm gonna heal your pokemon and some people were criticizing the game for that but
i'm like you know what it's a quality of life thing because i run back almost all the time
and heal my pokemon before fighting another npc like it's just part of the game right so i like
that they have more places to do that but when you do the gyms you don't get to do that anymore
you have to fight everything in one go which is interesting um but like my fucking my grookey
which was thwacky or whatever his name is when he's evolved like dominated that water gym that
was all i needed just tore everybody apart in that gym so um i i didn't even need the gossler
but anyway i was gonna say about the chudel so like my chudel's level 15 the rest of my party's
like anywhere between 21 and like 26 so i was like okay i'm gonna do like two dynamax raid
and i fed chudel all the candy i got from the raids and the chudel evolved into whatever his
water rock form is so now he's the perfect fire gym uh thing uh and uh got to like level this
like my highest level pokemon now he's like level 27 or something yeah it those candies are such
a good idea like that's something that i feel like partially came from pokemon let's go which
was not a great game and they changed it to be an awesome addition instead of like oh whatever
well and the nice nice thing about those candies too is that usually i'm hesitant to use items
because it's like oh i might need those later but it's like no i know if i just go do more dynamax
rates i'll get more candy so i don't feel bad using those you know what i mean yeah and i i
feel you about the hesitant to use items and really don't feel too bad because that i'm not
going to spoil because there's story stuff i don't want to spoil who cares about the pokemon at this
point the eighth gym like tried to wreck me so hard i got down to one pokemon the eighth gym
was so rough for my team and it was it was really fun because of that okay actually all right i'm
curious about that so yeah i don't want to don't want to use up extra items i don't have to uh also
you know if you just a tip for those that have the game that may may not have already figured it out
if you did have let's go and you have the pokemon ball plus you can walk pokemon and you do get it
doesn't level them like it did in let's go so your pokemon are not going to gain experience that way
but they you will get items and i think xp candy can be included but you do get an assortment of
items for walking as well which is kind of neat i have not even used my extra pokeball plus yet
to get mu or do anything with it you should check it out but you have that'll make you play pokemon
go a little bit as well anyway shane i'm uh i'm gonna let you go because you've we've talked a
lot about uh pokemon but um are you doing a stream later tonight uh i wanted to do a max raid battle
stream however i actually have to get to bed early tonight so i cannot all right but i will probably
be doing a lot of max raid streams and anybody that has pokemon uh sword and shield that want
to come do them like if i'm streaming just hit me up i will be more than happy to come join and
blow things up with you and what's your uh twitch channel so people can follow uh i don't know what
is it shane you need to learn a little bit about promotion oh oh it's shad underscore star zic
maybe just type in the chat room hi it's shane and people will know that they can
yeah all right i wasn't planning on promoting it i'm just like i'm so engrossed in pokemon right
now it's fine all right thanks for calling and sharing your thoughts so i appreciate it
yeah no problem all right take care my friend bye-bye all right well i don't see anybody
else waiting to call in tonight uh do we have any other last minute stories to get into uh for
tonight um they capcom announced uh street fighter 5 championship edition oh uh so that's coming out
february 14th for 29.99 and let me guess it's the version that has like everything in it 40
characters 200 costumes 34 stages 2v skills for each character uh it's also 24.99 upgrade if you
have the original game um and they also announced gill as a playable character all right glad i
waited uh i also had a curiosity loki because uh you know she already she showed off her copy
of pokemon sword earlier you know i've been playing pokemon shield uh loki i know you've
kind of held out but as all this talk possibly swayed you on the pokemon thing i might get it
but i'm i i don't get very much access to the uh nintendo switch because while i was gone while we
were out i had to buy the god awful ryan toy review racing game it's a a kart racing game
because my my youngest my youngest son fucking loves that shill of a child um but he has a kart
racing game out and so i he needed to have that game so i bought him that game um but actually
ironically enough as i knew what would happen he'd get sick of that game super fast because uh
we've been talking about like uh minecraft and so he's actually been playing more minecraft
on the switch than anything so okay he plays minecraft on the switch a lot and then um i
ironically have been watching more minecraft streams on the switch or on um youtube because
there's for some reason my recommended keeps like it's minecraft but we programmed it to do
something different so watch it it's interesting like sounds up your alley you know yeah every
block drop something that's different you know and whatever all right you know one thing i i
keep meaning to get more and more into since you're talking about like things that are
different i keep down and i've i've been downloading and playing with them but randomizers
is a thing i'm like super fascinated with right now um like you know you can download uh especially
the one that like mixes the game super or metroid in zelda m1 z1 i think it's called the one that
mixes those and then there's actually one that mixes super metroid and link to the past together
yeah that's the one i was talking about what's the other one you're thinking there's an s1 m
or excuse me m1 z1 that mixes the nes versions so it's yeah but i and i was going to set up doing
those streams so i was having a problem using like the mapping thing but i think i got that all
figured out long story short i kind of like sat down and taught myself to use some stuff
so i might do some randomizer streams in the future because i just think that stuff is like
fascinating in a way but i almost think i want to keep it simple and just do like instead of
trying to mix zelda and metroid where i don't because there's certain logic that goes into
the randomizer stuff that i obviously i'm just trying to like jump in and learn um but i think
maybe i want to take on just just zelda first then we'll add metroid into it you know and all that
but the randomizer thing i think is really fascinating and the particular mapping thing
i downloaded has a bunch of randomizers that like it you know it doesn't you know you have to
put the roms on a website like it doesn't do it for you because it's trying to be legal about it
you know wink wink non-judge and i realize these things are in a gray area of legality but
y'all how many times have i bought the legend of zelda how many times i've bought the original
metroid because i'm gonna tell you i bought it back in the day on the nes i bought it you know
when they were on virtual console on the wii i bought it again on virtual console on the wii u
i probably bought the gameboy version of at least or gameboy uh advanced version one of those games
at some point so look pretty sure you have the gamecube version at one time i am allowed to take
those roms and do whatever the fuck i want with them i bought that game like five times i'll have
this snes classic so yeah so anyway all right anyway uh that's on that i'll talk more about
that on a future week if i do fall down that rabbit hole but honestly i should probably stay
focused on pokemon shield because like i think shane would like actually be speechless if i
actually beat a pokemon game i think he for once would like not know what to say so i'm gonna really
try to to stick it to the end of pokemon shield because i'm having a good time so far and then
i need to do my not so much hate play of death stranding because i need to figure out what all
this hubba baloo is about so i've got my one of the things i saw with death training that made
no sense because the game doesn't really make any sense but like i guess it's slightly stealthy so
that okay stop it um it does make a lot of sense when you okay but this part doesn't make sense
so just stop interrupting me already listen it's like you're trying to be stealthy and hiding in
like grass and stuff but yeah you have this like skyscraper of fucking packages sticking out of
the sky it's like i thought i heard somebody there it's like what is that it's like you see this
giant stack of boxes right there and like where the fuck did that come from and that's just a
little odd it's all right it's fine like you gotta have a power suit to carry all that around anyway
which he does but like it's just like we've given you a knee replacement and so does it explain the
monster energy thing does it explain that because it seems just plain just like shilling for the
fuck kinda all right i have to see for myself before some asshole spoils me all right anyway
they do explain what causes the crater to appear you need to play since you have apple arcade what
the gulf because what the gulf is free is part of apple it's great all right i'll get it i'll
download it right now all right anyhow on that note uh we started with games and we're ending
with games wow that's a first so we're gonna go around and get everybody's final thoughts
we will be back next week um the holidays even fall on kind of nice days for the show this year
because the holidays are like tuesday wednesdays so we should still be here throughout the holidays
i'm not foreseeing that we're going to take any shows off so uh we hope to see you lots of sunday
nights here with us live at twitch tv slash vog network thank you guys so much for uh downloading
and listening to our show uh or watching live however you decided to consume the show please
help us spread spread the word tell a friend or two about the show we are the show where every
gamer has a voice but if the voices aren't here to air them then you know we don't we don't have
them we love hearing all the different perspectives uh those of you that do the hosts on twitch on
your personal channel that is so appreciated that is one of the best ways to spread the word about
this show so thank you so much those that have added vog network to your auto host list all
right uh let's get the actual final thoughts out uh loki i'll start with you your final thought
tonight so i would just like to wish everybody a happy early bemoni day because that's right this
week 19 and 20 november yeah unfortunately that holiday kind of falls in the middle too
yeah you know and actually the funny thing is our 800th episode would have been right in this mix if
you know i hadn't suddenly gotten or know that in the what was it the fucking internet cut out or
whatever it was anyway yeah anyway so uh yeah happy bemoni day that's a great one uh my final
thought is um i would like to not be sick for once in this past six weeks so i'm gonna cross
my fingers on my toes that tomorrow i wake up and i'm all better because sinus congestion sucks
last but not least dark soccer your final thought one of my that tweet that i said that i replied to
kojima saying i wanted to be the bridge baby got liked by the guy who played die hard man
uh tommy earl jenkins fun i just like when i get a random nod like hey that's cool isn't
it weird when like random celebrities like like your tweet actually you want to i didn't talk
about this on the show i'm gonna mention it here real fast and we'll wrap up the show i had a tweet
go viral this week and it had nothing to do and it like that has not happened to me before i've
never had i mean like maybe like a little bit viral like maybe hundreds of likes but not like
an epidemic no i had one it's up to 2 000 plus likes at this point but here's the thing i had
nothing to do with video games or any of that so okay what i did it was um on the day that
disney plus was released and i wrote it said um actually wait i'm gonna find it
i'm gonna i'm just not gonna like it on purpose rob no it's fine it's one of those things where
it's like i've just it's so random that of everything i've written this is the fucking tweet
that people that people find and like okay disney plus hey look at us we're the cool kid new kids on
the block netflix yeah well selena with the selena trailer attached that's it that's the
tweet that's all i wrote 486 retweets 2086 lights it's a valid point no it is it's completely valid
point like you know and then this turns into a whole conversation about how selena is literally
perfect how selena would change the music industry if she were still with us how you know and just
you know just selena stanning which is um something this world needs more of
so everybody uh stream uh selena oh by the way i do have a very final thought okay free hong kong
okay sounds good all right uh oh sj100 matt says didn't richard simmons like your tweet once rob
oh i think he did he wrote no he replied i think he replied once i remember something like that
i remember something like that too it was before it was before the because twitter has been around
since like 2006 so it was before he went missing so like i go into random conversations though
with lady bunny i mean seriously i know i've seen it yeah like on my facebook and on twitter it's
the funniest thing because lady bunny is twitter getting us closer to and i'll tell you this if you
want a really like a person who doesn't retweet bullshit for politics actually check out lady
bunny because the stuff posted is pretty well researched and very eloquently spoken all right
we're gonna wrap up okay just saying lady bunny we're ending up on a on a we're ending on a uh
ranty tangenty no but it's really funny so anyway that's it we're done that's the tweet see you next
week everybody bye happy gaming you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge
radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show tune into fognetwork.com
sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
so